Ela Cheppanu	Telugu	romance	Ramana	Sekhar (Tarun) is a graduate from IIM and works as a business manager in a firm in Hyderabad. He meets Amar Varma (Siva Balaji) in a business party who runs a company named Varma Industries in Germany. When the party is over, Sekhar accidentally kills Amar with his car. Sekhar's friend Sunil (Sunil) saves him by erasing the evidence, but Sekhar feels guilty even after six months. He goes to Germany along with Sunil to visit Amar's family. They find that their business is in a bad condition and want to help them by reviving it with his business skills. Priya (Shriya), who was engaged to Amar earlier is trying her level best to run the business, but helpless to run it smoothly. Sekhar introduces himself to Priya and offer his help to revive the business. The remaining story is about how Sekhar helps the business grow and win Priya's heart in that process.
A Nightmare on Elm Street	American	horror	Samuel Bayer	Kris Fowles (Katie Cassidy) goes to the Springwood Diner to meet with her ex-boyfriend, Dean Russell (Kellan Lutz), who falls asleep at the table and meets a man covered in burn scars, wearing a clawed glove on his hand. The burned man cuts Dean's throat in the dream, but in reality it appears that Dean is cutting his own throat as his friend, waitress Nancy Holbrook (Rooney Mara), looks on with Kris. At Dean's funeral, Kris sees a photograph of her and Dean as children, but cannot recall ever knowing Dean before high school. Kris begins to dream about the burned man herself and refuses to go to sleep for fear that she will die in her dreams. Jesse Braun (Thomas Dekker), Kris's ex-boyfriend, shows up to keep her company while she sleeps, but Kris meets the burned man in her dreams and is murdered. Covered in her blood, Jesse runs to Nancy's house and learns that Nancy has been having dreams about the same man: Freddy Krueger (Jackie Earle Haley). Jesse is apprehended by the police under suspicion of murdering Kris, and is killed by Krueger when he falls asleep in his jail cell. With her friends dying, Nancy begins to question what everyone's connection is to each other, given that none of them can remember each other before their teenage years. Nancy and her friend Quentin Smith (Kyle Gallner) discover that all of them attended Badham Preschool. Nancy's mother, Gwen (Connie Britton), reluctantly tells Nancy and Quentin that there was a gardener at the preschool, Fred Krueger, who was accused of abusing Nancy and the rest of the kids. Gwen explains that Nancy was his favorite, and that she came home one day telling her mother about a hidden space in Krueger's room and the things he did to her there. Gwen claims Krueger skipped town before he was arrested. Nancy does not believe her and attempts to track down the remaining kids from the school. She discovers that all of the other kids have been killed, most of them in their sleep. Quentin tries to accept that his nightmares are nothing more than repressed memories, but he falls asleep during swim practice and witnesses what really happened to Krueger: Everyone's parents hunted down Krueger and burned him alive. Quentin and Nancy believe that Krueger wants revenge on them for lying as children. As a result of their insomnia, they begin sporadically dreaming while they are still awake. To try to stop Krueger, they decide to go to the preschool and learn what they can. On the way, Nancy falls asleep and is attacked by Krueger, but when Quentin wakes her up, they discover she has pulled a piece of Krueger's sweater out of the dreamworld and into reality. Quentin takes Nancy to the hospital; there, he steals some adrenaline to help them stay awake. At the preschool, Quentin uncovers Krueger's hidden room and evidence that proves Krueger was in fact abusing all of the children; Krueger actually wants revenge on them for telling the truth. Nancy decides the only way to end this is to pull Krueger out of their dreams and kill him in reality. Quentin tries to stay awake long enough to pull Nancy out of her dream when she has Krueger, but he falls asleep and is attacked. Krueger goes after Nancy, and explains that he intentionally left her for last so she would stay awake long enough that, when she finally fell asleep, she would no longer be able to wake up. Quentin uses the adrenaline to wake up Nancy, who pulls Krueger into reality. She uses a broken blade to cut Krueger's gloved hand off, and then slice his throat. She then torches the secret room, with Krueger's body inside, and she and Quentin leave. Nancy and her mother return home from the hospital; Krueger suddenly appears and kills Nancy's mother before pulling her body through a mirror while Nancy screams.
American Gothic	American	horror	John Hough	Cynthia is traumatized by the death of her baby after leaving him in a bathtub, where he accidentally drowned. She and five of her friends, Jeff, Rob, Lynn, Paul and Terri decide to go on a vacation. They take a plane somewhere, but are plagued by engine troubles and are forced to land the plane on a lonely deserted island. The six set camp and the next morning, Paul stays at the camp while the others set off to find help. They come upon a large cottage nestled in the woods. After entering the cottage and fooling around a bit, they meet the owners, an elderly married couple going by the simple names of Ma and Pa. The group of friends are welcomed to spend the night. At dinner, Lynn starts smoking and Pa scolds her and demands that she smoke outside. Later, Lynn and Cynthia discover Ma and Pa have a child, Fanny, who looks more like a middle-aged woman but claims she is 12. That night, Ma and Pa throw more strict rules in, such as no cussing and forcing the girls and boys apart to prevent premarital sex. The night passes by and the next morning, Rob goes for a walk and finds Fanny pushing her brother, Woody, on a crudely crafted swing. Rob is invited to swing and agrees, only for Woody to climb to the top and chop the rope, sending Rob down the rocky cliff below to his death. The group finds out about Rob's death and mourn his loss. Later, Lynn and Cynthia are outside and Lynn talks about how this family is a bunch of freaks and Fanny overhears. Cynthia sees this after Lynn leaves and consoles Fanny and reluctantly agrees to play games with Fanny. Fanny shows Cynthia her baby, thought to be just a doll, but it turns out to be the remains of an infant. Cynthia meets another brother, Teddy, and Fanny explains to him that Cynthia is her friend. Meanwhile, Lynn stumbles upon Woody, Teddy, and Fanny playing jump rope in the woods. After Lynn insults them, she is attacked and presumably killed by the three. Cynthia tells Jeff about the mummified infant. Jeff tries to console Cynthia and they kiss. Fanny, who wants Jeff to herself, sees and becomes jealous. She confronts the two and kills Jeff by stabbing him in the eye with a sword on a knight statue. Cynthia explains her fear to Ma, but Ma attacks her saying they are all wicked people. Cynthia flees and Ma finishes Jeff off with her sewing needles. Cynthia runs into the woods, finding Lynn's corpse hanging from a tree and a frightened Terri. Cynthia explains everything to Terri and learns that Paul and the plane are missing. Woody and Teddy find the girls and chase them into the woods. Terri and Cynthia find Fanny, and Terri reveals a gun and holds Fanny at gunpoint, forcing her to help them get off the island. They show Fanny to Ma and Pa and demand their help to get off the island. To save his daughter, Pa tells the girls where a boat is. He leads them to a dinky fisherman's boat, where Paul's corpse is lying, an axe buried in his skull. Cynthia and Terri flee and Teddy and Woody light Paul's body on fire. Night comes and Terri and Cynthia spend the night in a hollow tree. Terri and Cynthia run back to the cottage to find a radio, but are attacked by Woody and Teddy. Teddy pursues Terri into the woods and Fanny toys with Cynthia. Terri is caught by Teddy and has her neck snapped. Teddy rapes Terri's corpse, Woody tattletales and Teddy gets a beating as Cynthia watches in horror. Cynthia eventually breaks down and pretends to be one of the family, celebrating Fanny's birthday and dressing in a pink gown to match Fanny. However, the flashbacks of her baby drowning get to her; she goes mad, bludgeoning Fanny to death with a metal washtub. She then murders Woody with the sword. She then confronts Ma and stabs her to death with her sewing needles. She finds Teddy and stabs him with a sickle. Pa discovers his family dead and goes outside only to be shot by his own shotgun by Cynthia who has taken revenge and killed the demented family. The film ends as Cynthia goes upstairs, sits in Fanny's room and slowly begins rocking the cradle, singing a soft lullaby.
Gang	Bollywood	crime	Mazhar Khan	Four friends, Gangu (Jackie Shroff), Abdul (Nana Patekar), Nihal (Kumar Gaurav) and Gary (Jaaved Jaffrey)- which forms the word G.A.N.G, get together to start their crime business, but their roots are built on friendship and trust. They succeed in their criminal goals but later they are attacked by a local gangster Tagdu (Gulshan Grover). As a result, G.A.N.G. retaliate with Tagdu and joins with Lala (Mukesh Khanna) a criminal with a conscience. But this does not pleases Abdul as they work for free with Lala and decides to join forces with Girja Singh (Imtiaz Khan) for money, to which Gangu disagrees. Gary's sister is later killed by Tagdu's men as a form of early humiliation which shatters them deeply. Later G.A.N.G. and Tagdu's men are embroiled in a gang war, in which Gangu is arrested and sentenced to jail for five years. When Gangu is released, he witnesses that Abdul is now driving a taxi, his mother is well looked after, and that Nihal and Gary have also started doing business. It is when Gangu meets his sweetheart, Sanam (Juhi Chawla), and proposes marriage, and subsequently learns that his friends are working with Girja Singh. Nihal and Divya (Ektaa Sohini) marriage begins to fall apart as their child is born handicapped due to the former's drug addiction and later Divya commits suicide with her child. This incident shatters Nihal and goes on a murder spree, for which he is arrested. Girja orders Abdul to kill Nihal before he gives the statement against him to the court, but Abdul, indebted towards their friendship kills Girja men instead of Nihal. Finally Abdul and Gary decides to surrender to police for sake of Gangu and seeks help of chief minister (Raza Murad). But this displeases the latter as if they are arrested they will even testify against him, so he plans to murder the G.A.N.G. with help of Girja and Tagdu. Tagdu kills Gangu's mother in order to weaken the team, but G.A.N.G. finishes the minister's men including Tagdu and Girja. In the process Gangu is severely injured and is on deathbed and asks them for promise to leave crime world forever, to which all agree and Gangu dies after. The G.A.N.G. is about to surrender to the police, till the point where the minister orders the police for shoot to kill and kills the team.
Intimate Relations	British	drama	Charles Frank	Crisis in a middle-class family when the son falls in love with his father's mistress. Family ties are stretched to breaking point, and the mother fears she'll lose her son as well as her husband.
Certain Fury	American	action	Stephen Gyllenhaal	Scarlett (Tatum O'Neal) is a hardened street kid who supports herself with prostitution and drug dealing. Facing charges of killing a client, Scarlett is brought to court. At court, she briefly encounters Tracy Freeman (Irene Cara). Tracy, a doctor's daughter, has been arrested for drug possession and resisting arrest. Tracy admits to using racial slurs against the white officer who arrested her, implying that he also used racial slurs toward her. The two are seated in front of a judge along with other criminal defendants. One of the other defendants begins acting out in front of the judge. When the judge orders the bailiff to restrain her, the defendant slashes the bailiff's throat with a concealed weapon. Another defendant disarms another bailiff and a shoot-out begins. Scarlett and Tracy, along with all the others in the courtroom, escape. The police, not knowing that Scarlett and Tracy were not involved in the shooting, pursue them. The two girls eventually take refuge in the sewer. Tracy wants to turn back; Scarlett on the other hand refuses, convinced that they will be blamed and wanting to avoid prosecution for her crimes. She bullies Tracy into continuing. Meanwhile, Tracy's father, Dr. Freeman (Moses Gunn) unsuccessfully tries to convince Lt. Speier (George Murdock) that his daughter wasn't involved in the shooting. The police officer then tells Dr. Freeman that seven people were killed in the shootout. A lone police officer manages to capture Scarlett and Tracy in the sewer. While waiting for back-up, the police officer lights a cigarette and inadvertently sparks an explosion of sewer gas. Tracy attempts to save the officer but he drowns. Once again, Tracy urges that they give themselves up; Scarlett again refuses, telling Tracy that police officers are inclined to kill people suspected of killing police officers. She also inadvertently admits to being illiterate. The girls emerge from the sewer. The two hail a cab to the derelict section of town. Scarlett attempts to ditch Tracy. Tracy refuses to be left as she does not know where she is and is unwilling to call her father for help. Scarlett threatens Tracy with a broken bottle and insults Tracy with a racial slur. Tracy slams Scarlett into a wall and insists that Scarlett help her find a place to clean herself up. Scarlett takes her to the apartment of Sniffer (Nicholas Campbell), a casual boyfriend of hers who produces pornography and sells drugs. Scarlett convinces Sniffer to allow Tracy to shower. While Tracy bathes, Scarlett and Sniffer argue, with Sniffer admitting to having set her up with the man that she was accused of killing. Scarlett then tries to convince Sniffer to run off with her. Sniffer becomes angry, pulls a knife on Scarlett, and throws her out of his apartment. Sniffer then attempts to rape Tracy in the shower. She fights him off, rendering him unconscious. Scarlett then goes to yet another boyfriend, Rodney (Peter Fonda), seeking help. Not only does he refuse, he ends up slicing her face with a knife. Meanwhile, Lt. Speier makes an arrangement with Rodney; if he assists in Scarlett and Tracy's apprehension, four of his criminal associates will be released from jail. At this point, Rodney sends a few of his henchmen to Sniffer's apartment. Scarlett then returns to Sniffer's apartment where she is confronted by an angry Tracy who has found a gun in the apartment. Scarlett falsely accuses Sniffer of cutting her face and steals Sniffer's drugs. Scarlett then urges Tracy to flee with her. At this point, Rodney's henchmen show up. They shoot into the door while Scarlett and Tracy flee with Sniffer, Rodney's henchmen, and the police on their trail. The two girls end up in a drug den, an abandoned warehouse, where Scarlett attempts to sell the drugs she stole from Sniffer. While Scarlett negotiates a drug deal, an exhausted Tracy lies down and attempts to sleep. Sniffer, who has trailed the girls to the drug den, comes upon Tracy and injects her with drugs. Outside, Rodney's henchman set fire to the drug den as they are unwilling to enter. Scarlett successfully negotiates the deal and encounters a gun-wielding Sniffer. The two fight as the fire begins to burn. Sniffer eventually burns to death in the fire. Scarlett rescues a drug addled Tracy from the warehouse before it is consumed by the fire. The girls take refuge in a junk yard. Scarlett goes out to get food for the two of them while Tracy recovers from her high. Having stolen a newspaper, Scarlett has Tracy read the headline proclaiming their deaths to her. The girls rejoice in their new found freedom. Tracy then suggests that she and Scarlett run to the mountains, seek employment as waitresses and set up house together. Scarlett reluctantly refuses and the girls argue. The two part ways. At that moment, the police, who had the newspaper headline published as a ruse, and Tracy's father arrive on the scene. Scarlett is shot as she attempts to flee but is not seriously injured. The girls then pledge to stick together even if it kills us.
The Witch	American	horror	Robert Eggers	In 1630s New England, a man named William is banished from a Puritan plantation alongside his wife Katherine, daughter Thomasin, son Caleb, and fraternal twins Mercy and Jonas, due to a difference in interpretation of the New Testament. The family leaves the plantation and builds a farm by the edge of a large, secluded forest far from the Puritan settlement. Katherine soon gives birth to her fifth child, Samuel. Thomasin is playing peekaboo with Samuel when he abruptly disappears. Samuel is then revealed to the viewer but not to his family to have been kidnapped by a witch, who crushes his body to pulp and uses it to make a flying ointment.[6] Katherine, devastated, spends her days crying and praying. William takes Caleb hunting in the forest and confides to his son that he traded Katherine's silver cup for hunting supplies. On the farm, the twins play with the family's goat, Black Phillip, claiming that he speaks to them. That night, Katherine questions Thomasin about the disappearance of her silver cup while implying Thomasin was responsible for the disappearance of Samuel. After the children retire to bed, they overhear their parents discussing sending Thomasin away to serve another family. Early the next morning, Thomasin finds Caleb preparing to hunt in the forest. She forces Caleb to take her with him by threatening to awaken their father. Their dog gives chase to a hare and Caleb follows on foot as the horse throws Thomasin off, knocking her unconscious. Caleb becomes lost in the woods and eventually stumbles upon the disemboweled corpse of his dog. He later discovers a moss-covered hovel. A seductive young woman appears at the door and lures Caleb towards her. Meanwhile, Thomasin awakens and reunites with her father, who is searching for her and Caleb. Katherine confronts Thomasin about taking Caleb into the woods and William reluctantly admits that he sold Katherine's silver cup. That night, Caleb is found outside in the rain, naked and delirious from an unknown illness. Katherine suggests that her son's mysterious ailment is due to witchcraft and prays over him. The next day, Caleb suffers a violent seizure and expels a small apple from his mouth before dying. As Caleb nears death, his parents and Thomasin kneel reciting the Lord's Prayer which causes great distress to the twins who insist they cannot remember the words and implore the others to stop. The twins then accuse Thomasin of witchcraft and, in retaliation, she reveals their conversations with Black Phillip. Enraged, William boards both Thomasin and the twins inside the goat house. After dark, the twins and Thomasin awaken to find a hideous naked old woman drinking a white goat's blood. Meanwhile, Katherine is overjoyed by a vision of Caleb and Samuel's return. She begins breastfeeding the infant which is revealed to be a black raven pecking at her exposed and bloody breast. The next day William finds the stable destroyed, the goats eviscerated, the twins missing and an unconscious Thomasin lying nearby with blood-stained hands. As Thomasin awakens, Black Phillip gores William before her eyes. William, dying, picks up an axe and contemplates killing the goat, but resigns himself to death and quotes from the Book of Job before being knocked into a woodpile. The commotion awakens the unhinged Katherine, who now blames Thomasin for the tragedies that have beset the family and tries to strangle her. Thomasin grabs a nearby billhook and kills her in self-defense. Night falls and Thomasin, in desperation, urges Black Phillip to speak to her. The goat responds in human tongue and suddenly transforms into a man. He convinces her to sign her name in his book, guiding her hand as she does so and offering her the sights of the world and the luxurious life she wants to live. Thomasin wanders naked into the forest with Black Phillip, again incarnated as a goat, where she discovers a coven of witches dancing around a bonfire. The witches begin to levitate and a laughing Thomasin joins them above the trees.
Love Guru	Kannada	romance	Shashank	Kushi (Radhika Pandit), Pratham (Tarun) and Sharan attend an interview where all the 3 are selected. Pratham starts loving Kushi and proposes her but everyone thinks he was trying to fool her as it was 1 April. Later she marries her boss Abhi (Dilip Raj) not knowing that Pratham is in love with her. At her wedding reception, Pratham gives her a rose and announces in front of all that he loves her. But Kushi and Abhi ignore the incident as they think that he wants to give a shock to them.. But he continues to pine for Kushi, and, finally, quits his job much to Kushi's dismay. When another woman enters his life, the heart-broken Pratham decides to start life afresh.
Hot Cars	American	crime	Hot Cars	Nick Dunn, a used car salesman, can't close a deal with customers Karen Winter and Arthur Markel, so he is fired. A sympathetic Markel has a car lot of his own and offers a job to Nick, who quits after discovering Markel's disreputable sales methods. Nick and wife Jane have a financial dilemma when their son falls ill. Swallowing his pride, Nick asks for his job back with Markel, who promotes him to manager. But the criminal activity continues, until Nick becomes convinced that Markel has even ordered his henchman, Smiley Ward, to murder Davenport, a detective. Jane is appalled by Nick's new line of work. He seeks solace in the company of the beautiful Karen, but when the cops come to investigate Davenport's death, Karen refuses to give Nick an alibi. Now a suspect, he tracks down Ward, who during their struggle at an amusement park falls from a roller coaster to his death. Nick tries to explain the hot-car racket to the police, implicating Karen and Markel.
Tawny Pipit	British	comedy	Bernard Miles, Charles Saunders	During the Second World War Jimmy Bancroft (Niall MacGinnis), a fighter pilot just released from hospital, and his nurse (now his girlfriend) Hazel Broome (Rosamund John) are on a walking tour through the countryside. They arrive at the fictional village of Lipsbury Lea and, being keen birdwatchers, discover that a pair of tawny pipits, which are rarely seen in England, are nesting nearby. Staying in the village, they enlist the locals to protect the nesting site until the eggs hatch. The villagers do so with great enthusiasm, led by the fiery retired Colonel Barton-Barrington (Bernard Miles) and the Reverend Mr. Kingsley. Unfortunately, the field where the nest is located (known locally as the pinfold) is due to be ploughed up by order of the county's War Agricultural Executive Committee (the War Ag), and a delegation to the Ministry of Agriculture in London fails to get the order rescinded. Fortunately, the Minister was Barton-Barrington's fag at his public school, Marlborough, and personally intervenes to save the field from being ploughed. The eggs duly hatch, but not before a plot to steal them on behalf of an unscrupulous dealer is foiled by an alert army corporal (a professional ornithologist) who is serving nearby.
Inside Detroit	American	crime	Fred F. Sears	Blair Vickers (O'Keefe) is head of the UAW union whose brother is killed during the bombing of the union headquarters. Gus Linden (O'Brien), a gangster determined to gain control of the UAW, is the man behind the bombing.
Praying with Anger	American	drama	M. Night Shyamalan	Indian American Dev Raman (M. Night Shyamalan), who was raised in the United States, returns to his native country to spend a year as part of a college exchange program. He is initially reluctant, but his mother insists and he respects her wishes. While there, he discovers that his cold and distant father, now deceased, carried a quiet and profound affection towards him.[1] While he is in India, he receives guidance from his friend Sanjay (Mike Muthu). As the visit progresses, Dev ignores Sanjay's suggestions, and the interaction between Indian and Western cultures quickly precipitates into misunderstanding and violence.[2] Dev realizes that one may pray to the deities of the Hindu pantheon in almost any emotional state except indifference. As he explores his past and sees the miscommunication between the two cultures, Dev is overwhelmed and finds himself only able to pray with anger.
The Mummy's Tomb	American	horror	Harold Young	The Mummy's Tomb picks up the story thirty years after the conclusion of the previous film. It begins with Steve Banning (Dick Foran) recounting the story of Kharis to his family and evening guests in his Mapleton, Massachusetts home. Footage from The Mummy's Hand appears as Banning tells his tale. As he concludes his narrative of the successful destruction of the creature, the scene switches back to the tombs of Egypt. Surviving their supposed demise, Andoheb (George Zucco) explains the legend of Kharis (Lon Chaney, Jr.) to his follower, Mehemet Bey (Turhan Bey). After passing on the instructions for the use of the tana leaves, and assigning the task of terminating the remaining members of the Banning expedition and their descendants, Andoheb expires. Bey and Kharis leave Egypt for the journey to the United States. Bey takes the caretaker's job at the local cemetery, sets up shop, and administers the tana brew to Kharis. The monster sets out to avenge the desecration of Ananka's tomb. His first victim is Stephen Banning, whom the creature kills as the aging archaeologist prepares for bed. As the sheriff (Cliff Clark) and coroner (Emmett Vogan) can't come up with a lead, newspapermen converge on Mapleton to learn more about the murder. Babe Hanson (Wallace Ford) arrives on the scene after learning of his friend's death. When Jane Banning (Mary Gordon), Steve's sister, is killed, Hanson is convinced it is the work of a mummy. Meeting with the sheriff and coroner, Hanson is unable to convince them of the identity of the culprit. He tells his story to a newspaperman at the local bar, but is himself dispatched by Kharis almost immediately afterwards. John Banning enlists the help of Professor Norman (Frank Reicher) to solve the puzzle of the grayish mark found on the victims. Norman's test results prove that Hanson was right: the substance was indeed mold from a mummy. Meanwhile, Bey has plans of his own. Knowing that Banning and his girlfriend, Isobel Evans (Elyse Knox) are planning to marry, he sets out to disrupt their nuptials. Bey himself has become smitten with Isobel, and sends Kharis on a mission to bring her to him. Kharis initially balks, but finally adheres to Bey's command. In the dark of the night, the monster stealthily enters the Evans's home and abducts the fainting girl to the cemetery caretaker's hut. Bey unveils his plan to the reluctant Isobel, that she is to become his bride, as a High Priest of Karnak, and bear him an heir to the royal line. Banning and the rest of the townspeople have become convinced that their recent Egyptian transplant may be involved in the crimes. Arriving in force, they confront Bey outside the hut. Kharis slips away with Isobel unbeknownst to the horde, and Bey attempts to shoot Banning, but is himself gunned down by the sheriff. The creature is observed heading toward the Banning estate, and the group begins pursuit, many bearing torches. Inside the home, Banning holds Kharis at bay with a torch while he rescues Isobel from the mummy's grasp, but inadvertently sets fire to some curtains. With the aid of the sheriff and coroner, John and Isobel escape via a trellis as Kharis pursues them out onto the upstairs balcony. The townspeople keep the mummy from escaping by hurling additional torches at him, and the monster perishes in the flames of the thoroughly consumed house. Banning and Isobel wed in short order, as he has received his draft notice and is due to report for his tour of duty in World War II.
Khuda Kasam	Bollywood	action	K C Bokadia	Sunny Deol plays Hussain, an honest Muslim truck driver who is forced to take on the system when he is falsely implicated in a crime. Neetu Singh (Tabu) is a police officer who is investigating the murder of the Chief Minister. While investigating the murder she falls prey to some criminal who play mind games with her. What happens next is revealed at the climax. The movie has political and social theme as its backdrop.[6][7][8]
Oru Second Class Yathra	Malayalam	comedy	Jexson Antony, Rejis Antony	Police constables Balagopal (Sreejith Ravi) and Jolly Kurien (Joju George) have been at odds for years but are under orders to transfer two prisoners from Kannur to Trivandrum. They board the Parasuram express with the handcuffed inmates. While at the Kayamkulam station, prisoner Nandu (Vineeth Sreenivasan) escapes. The two officers get off the train at the next stop with second inmate Maran (Chemban Vinod Jose) and frantically searches for Nandu. The three unlikely musketeers finds the back-story of Nandu. Nandu's father, Narayanan (Nedumudi Venu) always have a wrongful intention to his step-sister, Lakshmi (Nikki Galrani). Nandu, one day determines to kill his father for the same, but the trap he set accidentally killed his mother. He was arrested for his mother's murder. One day his father Narayanan comes to visit him at jail and reveals his true intentions for his step-sister. Nandu determines to escape at any possible opportunities. The three musketeers finds Nandu while roughing with Narayanan, both with the intention to kill. Accidentally Jolly Kurien kills Nandu's father. With knowing Narayanan's story, Maran devises a plan to not let the issue known to others, to which everyone agrees. Narayanan's body is buried in a nearby church cemetery at that night itself. In the end of the day everyone is shown as happy in their karmic lives.
Avengers: Age of Ultron	American	action	Joss Whedon	In the Eastern European country of Sokovia, the Avengers—Tony Stark, Steve Rogers, Thor, Bruce Banner, Natasha Romanoff, and Clint Barton—raid a Hydra facility commanded by Baron Wolfgang von Strucker, who has been experimenting on humans using the scepter previously wielded by Loki. They encounter two of Strucker's test subjects—twins Pietro Maximoff, who has superhuman speed, and Wanda Maximoff, who has telepathic and telekinetic abilities—and apprehend Strucker, while Stark retrieves Loki's scepter. Stark and Banner discover an artificial intelligence within the scepter's gem, and secretly decide to use it to complete Stark's Ultron global defense program. The unexpectedly sentient Ultron, believing he must eradicate humanity to save Earth, eliminates Stark's A.I. J.A.R.V.I.S. and attacks the Avengers at their headquarters. Escaping with the scepter, Ultron uses the resources in Strucker's Sokovia base to upgrade his rudimentary body and build an army of robot drones. Having killed Strucker, he recruits the Maximoffs, who hold Stark responsible for their parents' deaths by his company's weapons, and goes to the base of arms dealer Ulysses Klaue to obtain Wakandan vibranium. The Avengers attack Ultron and the Maximoffs, but Wanda subdues them with haunting visions, causing the Hulk (Banner) to rampage until Stark stops him with his anti-Hulk armor.1 A worldwide backlash over the resulting destruction, and the fears Wanda's hallucinations incited, send the team into hiding at a safe house. Thor departs to consult with Dr. Erik Selvig on the apocalyptic future he saw in his hallucination, while Nick Fury arrives and encourages the team to form a plan to stop Ultron. In Seoul, Ultron forces the team's friend Dr. Helen Cho, who is enslaved by Loki's scepter, to use her synthetic-tissue technology, together with vibranium and the scepter's gem, to perfect a new body for him. As Ultron uploads himself into the body, Wanda is able to read his mind; discovering his plan for human extinction, the Maximoffs turn against Ultron. Rogers, Romanoff, and Barton find Ultron and retrieve the synthetic body, but Ultron captures Romanoff. The Avengers fight amongst themselves when Stark secretly uploads J.A.R.V.I.S.—who is still operational after hiding from Ultron inside the Internet—into the synthetic body. Thor returns to help activate the body, explaining that the gem on its brow—one of the six Infinity Stones, the most powerful objects in existence—was part of his vision. This Vision and the Maximoffs accompany the Avengers to Sokovia, where Ultron has used the remaining vibranium to build a machine to lift a large part of the capital city skyward, intending to crash it into the ground to cause global extinction. Banner rescues Romanoff, who awakens the Hulk for the battle. The Avengers fight Ultron's army while Fury arrives in a Helicarrier with Maria Hill, James Rhodes and S.H.I.E.L.D. agents to evacuate civilians. Pietro dies when he shields Barton from gunfire, and a vengeful Wanda abandons her post to destroy Ultron's primary body, which allows one of his drones to activate the machine. The city plummets, but Stark and Thor overload the machine and shatter the landmass. In the aftermath, the Hulk, unwilling to endanger Romanoff by being with her, departs in a Quinjet, while the Vision confronts and seemingly destroys Ultron's last remaining body. Later, with the Avengers having established a new base run by Fury, Hill, Cho, and Selvig, Thor returns to Asgard to learn more about the forces he suspects have manipulated recent events. As Stark leaves and Barton retires, Rogers and Romanoff prepare to train new Avengers: Rhodes, the Vision, Sam Wilson, and Wanda. In a mid-credits scene, Thanos, dissatisfied by the failures of his pawns, dons a gauntlet2 and vows to retrieve the Infinity Stones himself.
The Angel Who Pawned Her Harp	British	comedy	Alan Bromly	A beautiful blonde angel (Diane Cilento) arrives in Islington on a goodwill mission to soften the heart of pawnbroker Joshua Webman (Felix Aylmer). To raise money for her mission, she pawns her harp. Bringing out the best in the people she meets, she shows them the path down which their happiness lies.
Happily Ever After	Hong Kong	romance	Ivy Kong	Au-yeung Goon-nam (Michelle Wai) and Sze Tso-chi (Ken Hung) share the same birthday, go to the same school, love photography, and are just as competitive. But they did not know of each other’s existence until they “crossed swords” at a debate tournament. And they both felt as if the fairytale prince and princess finally found each other. Later in a birthday party, Nam thought Chi played a trick on her, leaving a slap on his face. Four years later, Nam encounters his ghost and learns that he is already dead...
Hazaar Chaurasi Ki Maa	Bollywood	drama	Govind Nihalani	Dibyanath Chatterji, his bank-employed wife, Sujata, and youngest son, Brati, live an affluent existence in Calcutta, West Bengal, India, circa early 1970s. Sujata is a quiet, devout Hindu, religious, and compassionate woman, and Brati has finished his school and is now attending college. His parents are proud of him, and keep track of his progress. Then their world is shattered during the early hours, when they are informed by the police that Brati has been killed. Dibyanath and Sujata go to identify Brati's body, mourn, lament inconsolably. They know now that their lives will never be the same again - for by the police they will be called the mother and father of corpse No. 1084. Sujata struggles to understand Brati's passing, meets his friends one by one, comes to know that Brati had a girlfriend, Nandini Mitra, and that's when she finds out that Brati was part of a rebel group often referred to as Naxalite, a militant leftist group. As she delves deeper and deeper into Brati's former life, she begins to understand her son's struggle, and decides to continue to further this.
Escaflowne	Japanese	animation	Akane, KazukiKazuki Akane	Hitomi Kanzaki is in crisis. Her life has lost its meaning, and she is plagued by unusual dreams. She is depressed and wants nothing more than to disappear. After falling out with her only friend she is mysteriously summoned to another world, Gaea, where she finds herself inside Escaflowne, a doomsday weapon destined to come to life at the appearance of a prophesied wing goddess. The world of Gaea is facing its own crisis: relentless conquest by the Black Dragon Clan, the rebels against which become convinced that Hitomi is the prophesied goddess who will revive Escaflowne. Never certain of her identity in Gaea, Hitomi finds her destiny as she becomes closer to the rebel leader, Lord Van, and helps to bring about the fall of his vengeful brother Lord Folken, the master of the Black Dragon Clan.
Style	Bollywood	romance	N. Chandra	The film revolves round two slap-happy college students, Bantu (Sharman Joshi) and Chantu (Sahil Khan), who stand out in the college for their expertise in ragging and playing pranks, and ability to outfox others. As their college life nears an end, the duo begin to realize that they need to start getting more serious about their life and career. Realising that they are not cut out for a life of struggle and hard work, Bantu comes up with an idea to trick two rich girls into marrying them so that they can spend their lives comfortably which lead them to focus their attention on rich teenyboppers Sheena (Riya Sen) and Rani (Shilpi Mudgal) and set about wooing the two girls to win their love and ultimately the key to becoming rich. A mysterious woman named Nikki Malhotra (Tara Deshpande) enters the scene, and pretty soon Chantu and Bantu get embroiled in a murder mystery.
Shahenshah	Bollywood	action	Tinu Anand	A corrupt and sniveling bank manager Mathur (Prem Chopra) has illegally borrowed 2.5 million rupees and loaned them to crime baron J.K. Verma (Amrish Puri). J.K orchestrates a bank robbery to bail him out. Inspector Anand Shrivastav (Kader Khan) gets wind of this plot. He is about to crack the case when J.K. enlists an exotic dancer, Julie (Aruna Irani), to use the robbery as a backdrop and frame the honest inspector for corruption. Inspector Shrivastav is arrested and is imprisoned for three months. Inspector Shrivastav, the honest and innocent inspector, is so depressed about the false charges that he hangs himself at home after being released on bail. This creates a lasting and powerful impression on his young eight-year-old son, Vijaykumar (Amitabh Bachchan). Vijay retains the noose his father used to hang himself. He vows someday restore his father's honour. Vijay and his mother leave their house and live in the house of another honest police inspector named Aslam Khan. Years later, a young Vijay (Amitabh Bachchan) in the inspector uniform, grows up in the care of Inspector Aslam Khan (Pran), Inspector Shrivastav's friend and partner, who has allowed Vijay and his mother to live with him, and Vijay becomes a cop himself. Vijay is friends with Shaheena, the daughter of Aslam Khan. Aslam Khan is an honest cop much like Vijay's father. Vijay is an obsequious and cowardly inspector, prone to bribery and generally scared of powerful criminals. It doesn't take JK long to find Vijay, get him on the payroll, and run his underworld crime empire (drugs, guns, racketeering) past the cops. A new apparition bursts upon this scene who calls himself Shahenshah, a costumed crime fighter (see movie poster). He has a left iron hand which is used to attack enemies and smash objects, and Shahenshah's other weapon is a noose. Oddly enough, it is the same noose Vijay's father used to hang himself with. This is because it is revealed later that Shahenshah is actually Vijay. When wearing Shahenshah's attire, Vijay describes himself as one who doesn't hold a cop's job but does the same work; one who apprehends criminals himself, conducts the trials himself, and, pronounces and executes the sentences himself. So Vijay/Shahenshah's outward mission is to take out crime, but his real goal is to get to the guys who framed his father. Shahenshah quietly breaks up several of J.K.'s gambling dens and illicit liquor distilleries. He also halts the demolition of a slum. This catches the eye of small-time trickster Shalu (Meenakshi Seshadri) who lives there with her aging and ailing mother Julie. J.K. had ordered her assassination after she helped frame Vijay's father; she hasn't there been on the run from him ever since; this becomes Shalu's motivation for seeking out and eliminating J.K. Shalu decides to infiltrate J.K.'s coterie by becoming an exotic dancer. One night, she attempts to kill J.K. by shooting him but is shocked when J.K. reveals he had been wearing a bullet-proof vest the whole time. Vijay lies to J.K. that Shahenshah's weakness is not letting Shalu die. He also lies that if J.K. returns Shalu to Shahenshah, Shahenshah will return J. K.'s goods worth millions. But J.K. is ultimately fooled. Shahenshah later detonates a bomb planted in J.K.'s truck. J.K. murders an honest crime reporter Mohammed Salim (Vijayendra Ghatge), who was about to expose J.K.'s crime ring. Salim was married to Shaheena (Supriya Pathak), the daughter of Aslam Khan, and was also Vijay's brother-in-law. Vijay now decides to turn around his image as a cowardly cop. He openly defies J.K. Julie agrees to testify against J.K. Shalu provides ancillary evidence. And J.K. prepares for an all out war against Shahenshah/Vijay, Shalu and the lot of his enemies. At Salim's funeral, only one of the many witnesses of his death were present. He was about to reveal J.K.'s name, but a sharpshooter shoots him to death. There is a veritable bloodbath on the streets as Inspector Vijay tries to get Julie into the courthouse. And there is a final showdown where Shahenshah reveals his secret identity and becomes the nemesis for all the culprits. To give himself a chance to escape, J.K. abducts Shalu. The showdown leads Vijay, dressed in Shahenshah's attire, chasing J.K. to the roof of the courthouse where J.K. is pleading his case, because his cover is blown. J.K. falls through a hole in the roof and is clinging on for dear life, with the whole court, judge sahab, audience and all looks on in astonishment. Vijay throws the noose down to J.K., and he gratefully accepts it. J.K., being the ruthless man that he is, attempts to attack Vijay. Vijay lets go of the noose, which slips around J.K.'s neck, and before the whole court, J.K. Verma is hanged, avenging Inspector Shrivastav and Salim the reporter, Shaheena's husband.
Virodhi	Telugu	action	Neelakanta	Political journalist Jayadev (Meka Srikanth) unearths several scams made by a politician (Ahuti Prasad) who in turn invites him to bribe him. The but idealistic Jayadev refuses to relent, and as they discuss, a group of Naxals attack the politician and kill him off and Jayadev is held as their hostage. Along with Jayadev, the group of Maoists led by Gogi (Ajay) head to their base camp in a dense forest. During the journey, their ideologies are tested; good and bad are exposed, in a dramatic way.
White Fang 2: Myth of the White Wolf	American	drama	Ken Olin	When Jack Conroy goes to San Francisco, he leaves his wolfdog White Fang with his friend, Henry Casey. The two immediately form a bond, but enter trouble when washed up on shore while sailing to bring their gold into town. Meanwhile, a local Native American, Moses, has a dream about White Fang and his niece Lilly. He said that Lilly will guide them to find the wolf from this dream, whom he believes will help save the starving tribe. Lilly sails to the river and hears White Fang barking. She runs to find the source, and sees White Fang, but White Fang suddenly disappears, and Henry appears in his place, leading Lilly to believe that the wolf had changed into Henry. She rescues Henry from the river and brings him back to her home. When Moses tells Henry that he is the wolf, Henry said he's not, and that the wolf was his friend, leading to laughter from the crowd. Meanwhile, White Fang was left at the river, but managed to save himself. As he makes his way through the wilderness to find Henry, White Fang finds a wolf pack that he follows for a short time. He ultimately decides not to join them, and continues his journey. Henry goes back to town. He sees many hungry people, and Reverend Leland Drury explains the poor state the town is in. The same day, White Fang spots Lilly's village, and when Lilly sees him, she calls her uncle to show him that it was the wolf she'd seen by the river the day she found Henry. As Moses tries to get a closer look, White Fang is startled and runs away. The next day, Henry decides to go back to the village, and gives Lilly a white cloth as a gift. White Fang, hiding in the forest, spots the wolf pack again, and a female wolf decides to come over and play with him. That night, as he is with the tribe, Henry hears White Fang howling. Henry runs into the forest, calling for White Fang. He finds a wolf, and thinking it's White Fang, calls to him, only to nearly be mauled by what turns out to be the wild female. White Fang intervenes, and Henry is happily reunited with his friend. He tries to get White Fang to follow him back to the village, only to find him hesitating because he doesn't want to leave the female. Henry understands, and is going to leave to two wolves, but White Fang decides to join Henry anyway. When he goes to sleep that night, Henry dreams a similar dream to the one Moses had earlier, but this time including Henry himself. Moses gives Henry a bow and arrows sends him to the forest to practice his hunting skills. His first shot misses, but surprisingly another arrow hits the target perfectly. When he calls for whoever is there to themselves, the mystery archer is revealed to be Lilly. She shows him how to use the bow with extreme accuracy. Peter, Moses's son, and Henry practice their hunting together. Henry, now romantically interested in Lilly, asks Peter how he can impress her. Peter tells him to whisper in her ears, then reveals he was joking, and that if he tried that, she would probably break his nose. Moses allows Peter to hunt with Henry. When Lilly's aunt asks her husband what will happen next, he says that one of the men will not come back. Lilly tries to get her uncle to let her join Henry's hunt, but Moses replies that she's a woman, and she can't hunt. When the time comes, Henry, White Fang and Peter go into the forest, and Lilly grabs her bow and secretly slips into the forest to join them. Henry and Peter find the bodies of the previous hunters who never returned. After Henry is almost wounded by a trap, Peter goes to examine the body of one of the hunters, and is suddenly killed by a bullet. Henry and White Fang escape, being chased by the madman. Henry falls into another trap and is nearly killed by the man. He is saved by the timely arrival of Lilly, who shoots a fiery arrow in the man's direction, causing him to run away. Afterwards, Lilly gets Henry out of the trap, and they continue on their way rejoined by White Fang. Upon arriving at the hunting grounds, they find the path blocked and they cannot reach the herds. They make to go back only to find themselves falling into a hole, which turns out to be the entrance to a mine. They discover Reverend Drury is behind the blockade, as he is running an illegal mining operation. They decide to steal some dynamite to clear the path, but along the way Henry spots the Reverend, and in anger over his betrayal tries to shoot him. Lilly stays behind to give Henry time to escape, and she is captured by Leland's men. Henry escapes the mine, and White Fang defends him from the remaining miners while he sets the dynamite. The explosion clears the path and frees the animals. Henry and White Fang go back to save Lilly. As White Fang holds off Reverend Drury, Henry frees Lilly, and they make to escape. The screw on the carriage comes loose, sending the carriage careening towards a cliff as the horses run off. Henry and Lilly jump clear before they go over, and Reverend Drury catches onto the cliff edge. The Reverend is shocked to find the animals running free. Before he can do any more harm, he is stepped by the very animals he had imprisoned. Henry and Lilly retrieve White Fang, and return to the village with him. They find Lily's aunt and uncle, who are grateful Lilly is safe, but are also heartbroken at the loss of Peter. Some time later, Lilly gives Henry back his gold, stating Henry can leave now. As Henry prepares to leave, the village thanks him for saving them from starvation. Just as he's about to leave, Henry spots Lilly wearing the white cloth he gave her. Lily and Henry embrace, while White Fang's mate emerges from the trees. White Fang is seen running towards her, and they welcome each other. Three months later, White Fang and the female wolf have a litter of pups. Henry and Lilly arrive at the den and are greeted warmly by the small family.
Fidaa	Telugu	romance	Sekhar Kammula	Varun(Varun Tej) is a non-resident Indian who lives in Texas, United States of America with his elder brother Raju (Raja Chembolu) and adopted, younger brother Bujji (Aryan). He is a medical student aiming to become a neurosurgeon. Varun comes to India along with his younger brother for Raju's marriage to Renuka (Sharanya Pradeep), whose family hails from Banswada in Telangana. There he meets Bhanumathi (Sai Pallavi), Renuka's younger sister. Bhanu is a beautiful and naughty girl who doesn't want to feel secondary to anyone. Gradually Varun and Bhanu develop a liking for each other but don't express it. Bhanu loves her father very dearly and doesn't believe in leaving him after her marriage. One day, she overhears Varun talking to his cousin Shailu (Manisha Eerabathini) about the opportunities in USA compared to India which he deems unfit for settling. Disheartened, Bhanu decides to forget Varun and her feelings for him and starts to ignore him. After his brother's marriage Varun returns to USA but can't stop remembering Bhanu all the time. Hence decides to confess his love to her. But Bhanumathi gives him a rude answer which enrages Varun widening the rift between them even further. Bhanu finally agrees to marry a man of her father's choice but realizes she isn't comfortable with him even before marriage. Meanwhile, Renuka becomes pregnant and is advised bed rest by the doctors. Bhanu is sent to USA by her father to help Renuka cope up with the pregnancy. Varun starts being inconsiderate to Bhanu during her stay with them. This disturbs Bhanu and an argument takes place between them after which she decides to leave for India in a week. Before leaving, Bhanu decides to visit her friend in USA and Varun is asked to drop Bhanu at her friend's place. On the way, both make amends and decide to stay as good friends. During the course of their journey, both start rediscovering their feelings for each other. Before leaving at the airport, Bhanu runs to Varun and hugs him with tearful eyes. Varun understands that Bhanu still loves him and goes to India to ask her hand in marriage. Bhanu's father advises her to follow her heart and marry Varun instead of the man he chose to which she agrees. Though she is happy that she is getting married to Varun, she is apprehensive about leaving her father and her village. After the wedding ceremony, Bhanu starts packing her luggage to leave for the USA. Renuka then tells her the truth that Varun actually gave up his life in USA and decided to settle in her village. Overjoyed, Bhanu runs to Varun and asks him how he could do this to which he answers that where ever she is, it is his world because he loves her a lot. Varun later decides to establish a hospital in the village and both of them live happily ever after.
The Family Way	British	drama	Roy Boulting	Following the wedding of young, virginal Jenny Piper (Hayley Mills) to sensitive, bookish cinema projectionist Arthur Fitton (Hywel Bennett), a rowdy reception is held at a local pub in their Lancashire town. The couple return to the Fitton home to spend their first night together, prior to leaving for a honeymoon in Majorca – only to find Arthur's father Ezra (John Mills) leading the drunken singing with some party guests in the living room. Arthur clashes with Ezra, a lifelong gasworks employee who doesn't understand his son's enjoyment of reading and classical music. After a strained evening, the newlyweds finally retire, only for their marital bed to collapse as the result of a practical joke played by Arthur's boorish boss, Joe Thompson (Barry Foster). Jenny laughs at the situation, but Arthur imagines she is laughing at him and then is not able to consummate their marriage. Arthur assures Jenny that all will be well once they get to Majorca, but the next day the couple discover that the travel agent who sold them their tickets has absconded with the money, resulting in them missing their honeymoon. Unable to obtain a home of their own, Jenny and Arthur have to continue living in the crowded Fitton house with Arthur's parents and adult brother Geoffrey, where the thin walls and lack of privacy exacerbate Arthur's discomfort. As days pass into weeks, the marriage remains unconsummated, and the strain between the couple steadily worsens, not helped by Arthur's job keeping him away from the house at night, when Jenny is home from her day job. Jenny begins to go out socially with Geoffrey, who is attracted to her, although she puts off his advances. After a plea from Jenny, Arthur visits a marriage guidance counsellor, but his visit is overheard by a gossipy charwoman who spreads the story. Eventually, Jenny confides in her mother and Jenny's parents visit Arthur's parents to tell them. Lucy (Marjorie Rhodes) reminisces to the Pipers how Ezra took Billy, his close male friend since childhood, along on their honeymoon and spent more of his time with Billy than with her. Later, Lucy tells Mrs Piper of the evening she spent alone with Billy when Ezra was working late, which immediately preceded the abrupt disappearance of Billy from their lives, with no explanation. Jenny also confides in her Uncle Fred and he advises her that Arthur's problem would likely be resolved if she and Arthur lived in their own home instead of in Arthur's father's house. When Joe Thompson, aware of the gossip, makes fun of Arthur and scornfully volunteers to satisfy Jenny's marital needs, an enraged Arthur starts a fight and batters him, and then walks out on his job, returning home to berate Jenny for disclosing their private affairs. Arthur and Jenny have a quarrel that finally leads to sex – overheard by the many gossipy neighbours in the gardens under Arthur's open window. The couple then find out that the Association of British Travel Agents (ABTA) bond has returned their holiday money, and they get ready to rush off for a belated honeymoon in Blackpool. Before they go, Arthur, encouraged by his mother, asks his father for help with the down-payment on a cottage that has just become available. Ezra gladly agrees to provide the money, to build a better relationship with Arthur, whom he tearfully calls son. After Arthur leaves, Ezra ingenuously remarks how much Arthur looks and acts like the long-gone Billy, and Lucy moves to comfort him.
The Stepfather	American	horror	Nelson McCormick	The film opens as Grady Edwards (Dylan Walsh) transforms himself in a bathroom. He shaves off his beard, dyes his hair, and removes his brown contact lenses. He goes downstairs with his luggage and fixes himself peanut butter toast and coffee. As he leaves the house, the camera reveals the bodies of his wife and her three children. Susan Harding (Sela Ward) is shopping in a grocery store with her youngest children where she meets Grady, who introduces himself as David Harris, a man who lost his wife and daughter in a car crash. He charms her, and six months later, they are engaged to be married. Susan's eldest son, Michael (Penn Badgley) returns home from military school and is wary of the situation. David invites him down to the basement, where he has installed locked cabinets, and tries to befriend Michael over tequila shots. Michael's suspicions start when David uses the wrong name when mentioning his deceased daughter. After Susan says that an elderly neighbor warned her that America's Most Wanted ran a profile on a serial killer that looked like David, David barges into the woman's house and throws her down her basement stairs, breaking her neck. Susan's ex-husband Jay confronts David angrily about laying hands on his younger son, Sean, after David grabbed the boy roughly for failing to turn down the volume on his video game. He warns Susan that she knows nothing about David. Doubts about David mount further when he quits his job working as a real estate agent for Susan's sister, Jackie (Paige Turco), to avoid displaying a photo ID and other forms of identification. Later, Jay confronts David about an apparent lie regarding his college history. David clubs him with a vase and suffocates him with a plastic bag. He sends Michael a text with Jay's phone saying that David checked out okay. When the neighbor woman's body is discovered two weeks later, David tells the family. Michael is alarmed because he overheard David being told by the mailman, who gave less detail than David. While Michael's girlfriend, Kelly (Amber Heard), tries to get him to focus on college applications, he grows more obsessed with the contradictions in David's stories. Michael is obsessed with David's stories and Kelly leaves. The situation comes to a head when David intercepts an email from Jackie about hiring an investigator. He then goes to Jackie's house and drowns her in her pool. Determined to discover what was in the locked cabinets, Michael breaks into the basement as Kelly keeps a lookout. In the basement, Michael eventually discovers his dad's body in a freezer. David knocks out Kelly and traps Michael in the basement. The commotion awakens Susan, and he berates her parenting skills and says that he thought she could be Mrs. Grady Edwards. On Susan's stunned reaction, David grimaces and asks, Who am I here?, Susan tries to snap him out of it, saying his name, causing him to say David! I'm David Harris! Susan, realizing the situation after noticing the unconscious Kelly, flees to the bathroom, locking herself in. David kicks the door in, shattering the mirror behind it. Susan picks up a shard of the glass mirror, holding it behind her. David grabs her, they struggle, and she manages to stab him in the neck with the shard. He falls to the floor, apparently dead. Michael escapes from the basement and finds Kelly. They find Susan in the hallway across from the bathroom, thinking David is dead. Then David approaches from behind and blocks the stairs, chasing all of them into the attic, where he and Michael fight. Both fall onto the roof and then off the edge of the roof to the ground, where they lie unconscious. When Michael wakes up, he finds out he had been in a coma for just over a month. He learns that David is still alive and fled the scene before the police arrived. The end scene shows David, who has again changed his appearance and his name to Chris Ames. He is working at a hardware store when he meets a woman (Jessalyn Gilsig) who was shopping with her two sons.
Thee Nagar	Tamil	action	Thirumalai	Yamaha Murugan (Karan) is a do-gooder, who commands respect from student’s community for his good deed as students chairman in a city college. Unable to find a lucrative job, he sets up a tea shop in front of the college from here he passed out. Life goes smooth for Murugan until he comes across a corrupt cop FIR Murthy (Shanmugarajan). Murugan is targeted for no fault of his by FIR Murthy. Nadhiya (Udhayathara), a girl next door falls for Murugan's good conduct. Both develop romance. However a bloody duel between Murugan and Murthy brings a change in the former's life. The rest is the battle between the two to assert their supremacy over one other that ends with a riveting climax.
Adult World	American	comedy	Scott Coffey	Recent college graduate Amy (Emma Roberts) believes she's destined to be a great poet. Pressed by her parents to earn a living, she takes a job at a small sex shop, Adult World, where she works with the manager, Alex (Evan Peters). When her car is stolen, her parents discover that she had canceled the car's theft insurance to afford submission fees for poetry journals, and kick her out. She briefly moves in with a coworker, transwoman Rubia (Armando Riesco), before finding her own apartment. She meets one of her favorite poets, Rat Billings (John Cusack), and talks her way into being his protégée by offering to clean his house. After some cajoling, Billings reads her poetry and offers to feature her work in an anthology he is working on. One night, she gets drunk and makes a clumsy attempt to seduce him, but he rebuffs her advances. Alex fires Amy after she fails to catch a shoplifter; angered, she says she is too good to work there. She soon discovers that she misses Alex, however, and realizes that she has feelings for him. She apologizes to him and asks for her job back. Alex rehires her, and they begin hanging out. At Amy's birthday party, Billings gives her a copy of the poetry anthology he featured her work in—Shit Poems: An Anthology of Bad Verse. Furious and humiliated, she confronts him and calls him a has-been. She goes home and tries to commit suicide by asphyxiating herself with a plastic bag, but changes her mind at the last second. The next day, she makes peace with Billings: he tells her that she needs to do more living before she can fulfill her potential as a writer, while she tells him not to take himself so seriously. Later, she sleeps with Alex, and they become a couple. She finds out she has been published in an erotica magazine that she submitted prose to as a joke. She and Alex go to a party together to celebrate, and he encourages her to keep writing. The film ends with Amy reading Shit Poems with a smile on her face. In the epilogue, next to the credits, she becomes a well-known poet and arranges her first poetry book on a shelf in a bookstore to be more prominently shown.
The Ambulance	American	action	Larry Cohen	Aspiring comic book artist Josh Baker (Eric Roberts) meets a young woman named Cheryl (Janine Turner) on the streets of New York City, who proceeds to collapse and is rushed to a hospital by an ambulance. When Josh arrives at the hospital, he is shocked to find that there is no record of Cheryl ever being admitted and he soon learns another startling discovery, Cheryl's roommate also vanished after being picked up by the same ambulance. Convinced that there is some sort of conspiracy going on, Josh proceeds to investigate the disappearances, despite the overt disdain and discouragement from Lt. Spencer (James Earl Jones).[1]
Sindoor	Bollywood	drama	Kishore Sahu	Pandit Shivprasad Tiwari, a wealthy contractor, lives in a big house in Lucknow. His family consists of his mother Daadi Maa, his second wife called Maaji by everyone, and his two sons Beni (Kishor Sahu) and Ratan (Sushil Sahu). He also has a daughter who is married. Ratan is the son from the second wife and stepbrother to Beni. He has been spoilt by Maaji, who has always treated Beni different to Ratan. Beni grows up to be kind and considerate to the needy. Meera (Shamim), a young widow with a small boy, lives with her mother, known as Maasi, who is distantly related to the Tiwari family. Maasi brings Meera to live with the Tiwari family. Soon, a relationship develops between Meera and Beni, which causes extreme alarm in the family and society. The shocking notion that the relationship may lead to a widow remarrying, is handled sensibly by the patriarch of the family, who gives consent for the two to marry.
The Werewolf	American	horror	Fred F. Sears	Duncan Marsh (Steven Ritch), a mild-mannered man, finds himself lost in a remote village called Mountaincrest. His mind is clouded, but he learns later that Emory Forrest (S. John Launer) and Morgan Chambers (George Lynn), two scientists, injected him with a special serum containing irradiated wolf's blood when he was suffering from amnesia after being in a car accident. The wolf's blood, for unknown reasons, has changed the previously gentlemanly Duncan into a vicious, bloodthirsty werewolf.
Murphy's Law	American	action	J. Lee Thompson	Jack Murphy (Bronson), a hardened, antisocial LAPD detective, frequently escapes the harsh reality that his ex-wife (Angel Tompkins) has become a stripper and his career is going nowhere by drinking. His world is turned upside down, however, when he is framed by ex-convict Joan Freeman (Carrie Snodgress) for putting her in prison earlier in his career. Freeman murders the detective's ex-wife and begins killing off his associates while framing him for the crimes. The same police force he works for places him under arrest with Arabella McGee (Kathleen Wilhoite), a foul-mouthed petty thief he locked away. Murphy escapes from jail while still handcuffed to McGee and they pursue the real killer. While in pursuit of Freeman, who has managed to kill all of those on her hit list save Murphy, Arabella is kidnapped by Freeman and taken to the building where she was first arrested by Murphy. Murphy calls for reinforcement and is met with skepticism. Murphy heads off to rescue Arabella, in the building he is stalked by Freeman who is armed with a crossbow. Meanwhile, Arabella is bound and gagged at the bottom of an elevator shaft. The cop following Murphy arrives and draws his gun on Murphy and reveals that he is working for a mob boss named Vincenzo, whose brother was killed by Murphy. Freeman quickly dispatches the cop with an arrow. Vincenzo tires of waiting and he and his two bodyguards enter the building, posing another threat to Murphy. Murphy easily dispatches the bodyguards before goading Vincenzo into trying to kill him. Vincenzo attacks Murphy but Murphy shoots him dead. Freeman sends the elevator down in an attempt to kill Arabella. Murphy saves her in the nick of time. But Freeman fires an arrow into Arabella's back, goading Murphy into a confrontation. She attacks Murphy with an axe and he knocks her over the railing of the staircase on the top floor. She manages to take hold of the axe which is wedged in the railing. She tries to get Murphy to help her. He stands and watches as she begins to slip. She yells at him to go to hell, he responds ladies first. With that she slips and falls to her death. Murphy is loaded into the back of an ambulance with a still alive Arabella, and they are taken to hospital.
Oka Manasu	Telugu	romance	Rama Raju Gottimukkala	Sandhya (Niharika Konidela), a young medical student falls deeply in love at first sight with Surya (Naga Shourya) who is an youngster with political aspirations. Surya does small-time ‘settlements’ as he awaits a chance to contest the local elections. Sandhya understands that the path ahead of her is not easy when she sees Surya roughing up people every now and then. The rest of the plot is about how the romance unfolds during a monsoon in a poetic setting.
Aap Ke Deewane	Bollywood	romance	Surendra Mohan	Ram (Rishi Kapoor) and Rahim (Rakesh Roshan) are inseparable childhood friends. They complete their schooling and enroll in a hostel to complete their education. They get enrolled in a college for further education where they excel in studies. This does not augur well with their fellow collegian, Kundan (Ranjeet), who has them framed for sexually molesting a female, whereby both get rusticated from the college. With no other means to survive, both assume the identity of a male and female and get employed as tutors to the commonly adopted daughter of multi-millionaires Inshallah Khan (Ashok Kumar) and retired Colonel, Thakur Vikramjit Singh (Pran) Sameera (Tina Munim). Eventually, both fall in love with Sameera with each wanting her for himself, but it is up to Sameera to choose her prospective life partner.
Made for Each Other	American	romance	John Cromwell	John Mason (James Stewart) is a young, somewhat timid attorney in New York City. He has been doing his job well, and he has a chance of being made a partner in his law firm, especially if he marries Eunice (Ruth Weston), the daughter of his employer, Judge Doolittle. However, John meets Jane (Carole Lombard) during a business trip, and they fall in love and marry immediately. Eunice eventually marries another lawyer in the firm, Carter (Donald Briggs). John's mother (Lucile Watson) is disappointed with his choice, and an important court trial forces him to cancel the honeymoon. He wins the case, but by that time Judge Doolittle has chosen John's kowtowing coworker Carter as the new partner. Jane encourages John to demand a raise and a promotion, but with finances tightened by the Depression, Doolittle requires that all employees accept pay cuts. After Jane has a baby, John becomes discouraged by his unpaid bills and by tension between Jane and his mother, who lives with them in their small apartment. On New Year's Eve, 1938–39, the baby is rushed to the hospital with pneumonia. The baby will die within hours unless a serum is delivered by plane from Salt Lake City. Doolittle agrees to provide funding to deliver the serum, but with a storm raging, and with a wife and children to consider, the pilot refuses to fly. John pleads over the telephone, and the pilot's unmarried friend takes the job. The new pilot almost crashes in the mountains, and the plane's engine catches fire a short distance from New York. The pilot is also injured and knocked unconscious after jumping from the plane and parachuting to safety, but he crawls to a nearby farm house after he comes to. The farmer sees the box containing the serum and telephones the hospital, and the baby is saved. A few years later, John is made partner at the law firm and his son has just spoken his first words.
The Sentinel	American	horror	Michael Winner	Alison Parker, a beautiful but severely neurotic fashion model, moves into a gorgeous Brooklyn brownstone house that has been divided into apartments. The house is inhabited on the top floor by Father Halliran, a reclusive blind priest who spends all of his time sitting at his open window. Alison begins having strange physical problems, including insomnia, and has some terrifying flashbacks of her attempted suicides. She complains to the real estate agent of the noise caused by her strange neighbors, only to be told that the house is occupied only by the priest and her. The behavior of her non-existent neighbors becomes increasingly surreal and disturbing. Alison learns that the building is owned by a secret society of excommunicated Catholic priests and is a gateway to Hell. The blind priest is the guardian who ensures that the demons do not escape. The priest is nearing the end of his life, and a new guardian is needed. The society has chosen Alison because her two suicide attempts qualify her as the perfect candidate. She is told that she must pay for her sins by becoming the next Sentinel, and only by doing so will she be allowed into Heaven. Alison is confronted by her neighbor Charles Chazen and all of the minions of Hell. Among them is her boyfriend, Michael, who was secretly killed earlier and is damned for killing his wife. Alison is chased through the building by grotesque and deformed creatures. She runs to the top floor and into Father Halliran's room where the demons corner her. Chazen hands her a knife and tries to convince her to commit suicide to avoid this torment. Father Halliran and another priest, Monsignor Franchino, enter the room. Franchino supports the infirm Halliran as he wields a large crucifix. They work their way through the hordes of demons and reach Alison, where they prevent her suicide. She takes the crucifix from Monsignor Franchino, and sits down in Father Halliran's chair. Shortly after, the brownstone is demolished and replaced with a new, more modern apartment complex. Mrs. Logan, the realtor, attempts to persuade a young couple to move into one of the apartments. The couple asks about the neighbors, and Mrs. Logan explains to them that there are only two: a violin player and an old, blind nun. The nun is Alison, now blind like Father Halliran, who sits at the open window in the top floor apartment.
Yangtse Incident: The Story of H.M.S. Amethyst	British	action	Michael Anderson	On 19 April 1949, the Royal Navy sloop HMS Amethyst sails up the Yangtze River on her way to Nanking, the Chinese capital, to deliver supplies to the British Embassy. Suddenly, without warning, People's Liberation Army (PLA) shore batteries open fire and after a heavy engagement, Amethyst lies grounded in the mud and badly damaged. Fifty-four of her crew are dead, dying or seriously wounded while others deteriorate from the tropical heat and the lack of essential medicines, including the ship's captain, who dies of his wounds. An attempt to evacuate the wounded is only partially successful - the officers of the Amethyst become aware that two Petty Officers were captured by the PLA and are being held at a nearby military hospital. After taking stock of their position, the Captain is replaced by Lieutenant Commander John Kerans (Richard Todd), who had been serving as a Naval attaché in nearby Nanking but rushes to the beleaguered ship to take command. After an attempt by HMS Consort to tow Amethyst off the mud bank fails, Lieutenant Commander Kerans decides to risk steaming down the Yangtze at night without a pilot or suitable charts. Before they can leave, however, the local Communist official Colonel Peng (Akim Tamiroff) makes contact with the Amethyst and at a meeting between senior officers makes his position clear: either the British government releases an apology accepting all responsibility for the entire incident, or the Amethyst will remain his prisoner. Similarly, he will not allow the two wounded sailors to leave unless they give him statements declaring the British to have been the transgressors, which they refuse to do. Kerans dismisses his demands but is able to manipulate Peng into the release of the Petty Officers; meanwhile, as talks progress he has the ship patched up and its engines restored. After some subtle alterations to the ship's outline to try to disguise her, Amethyst slips her cable and heads downriver in the dark following a local merchant ship, which Amethyst uses to show the way through the shoals and distract the PLA. When the shore batteries finally notice the frigate escaping downriver, the merchantman receives the brunt of the PLA artillery and catches fire, while Amethyst presses on at top speed. Encountering an obstruction in the river in the form of several sunken ships, and having no proper equipment for charting a safe course, Kerans uses both intuition and luck to slip through before then reaching the guns and searchlights of Woosung. After she is inevitably spotted, the Amethyst is forced into a lengthy fight with the PLA batteries as she simply flees with all guns blazing, heading for the mouth of the river just beyond. As day dawns she finally reaches the open ocean, where she greets HMS Concord with the message Never repeat never has another ship been so welcome. She also sends a signal to headquarters: Have rejoined the fleet south of Woosung ... No major damage... No casualties....God save the King! The film then ends with scrolling text reciting verbatim the message sent the very same day from King George VI, commending the crew for their courage, skill and determination.[2]
Lucky Them	American	comedy	Megan Griffiths	Ellie Klug is a music critic in her 40s at a dying underground magazine, Stax. Her editor, Giles, (Oliver Platt) assigns Ellie to write a piece on Matthew Smith on the 10th anniversary of his disappearance which most people consider a suicide. Ellie, who was Matthew's childhood sweetheart and who remained with him until his disappearance, is unconvinced that he is dead and decides to track Matthew down. After receiving a tip online as to Matthew Smith's location, Giles gives Ellie a thousand dollars to pay the source. However Ellie is distracted by Lucas Stone, (Ryan Eggold) a struggling musician who is interested in Ellie, and accidentally leaves the money beside him when she leaves to catch her bus. When Ellie ignores his calls, Lucas misinterprets Ellie's actions and uses the money to cut a demo tape, believing that Ellie left him the money as a show of faith. Ellie manages to come up with the money to bribe her source by going to Charlie (Thomas Haden Church), an awkward but wealthy socialite whom she had briefly dated in the past. Charlie agrees to help Ellie if she allows him to film her as part of a documentary on her search for Matthew Smith. Ellie agrees, but the source is a scammer and the documentary quickly falls apart after they run out of leads. Charlie admits he loaned her the money because he was interested in having a relationship with her. Ellie begins dating Lucas, but grows insecure after he begins to experience some success. When he fails to show up for Charlie's wedding Ellie assumes he has left her and sleeps with another man only to have Lucas walk into her room late in the night. He returns the money to her with a note explaining the miscommunication that led to him taking it. After breaking up with Lucas, Ellie spirals into a depression, obsessively watching the video of a man she believes to be Matthew Smith performing a song which she believes is about her. She finally has a breakthrough when she realizes that all of Matthew's old issues of Stax were under his mother's name and discovers while looking through the database at work that the subscription was never cancelled but the delivery address was changed. Ellie and Charlie go to the address listed on the subscription and find it's a bar. When Ellie asks the bartender if she knows Matthew Smith the woman answers in the negative but places a call on a cellphone shortly after. Ellie and Charlie follow her to her home. In the morning she sees a man outside the house and after approaching him she realizes it's Matthew. The two have a short conversation where she realizes that Matthew and the bartender are living together and have a child. When Ellie asks him about the song he was playing he tells her he has no new songs. Ellie and Charlie leave and Charlie gives Ellie all the footage from the documentary. She in turn writes a piece for Giles about Matthew without revealing that he is still alive and leading a quiet and secluded life. The end of the film shows Ellie going out on a date with Charlie.
Hammer Bay	Australian	drama	Ben Briand	When a documentary crew arrive one morning asking questions about the recent violent beachside murder of Amanda Blakely, teen beauty and drama pet, a captivating study into the minds and psyche of the sleepy town unfolds. The lines between the observant film crew, interview participants and police begin to blur, as family members, friends and strangers all start to demonstrate one common thread, everyone is hiding something.
Give Us This Day	British	drama	Edward Dmytryk	Geremio is an Italian bricklayer living with his family. The film depicts how Geremio and his family endure the struggles of living in Brooklyn during the Great Depression.
Black Roses	American	horror	John Fasano	A new rock-n-roll band named Black Roses plays at a sleepy town called Mill Basin, causing the town's kids to turn into rockers. However, what the town does not know is that the band is also turning kids into demonic monsters. The soundtrack features many prominent bands at the time such as King Kobra, Tempest, Hallow's Eve, Lizzy Borden among others. Most of the music for the band Black Roses was performed by the members of King Kobra, with Mark Free on vocals, and Carmine Appice on drums.
Gekijōban Zero	Japanese	horror	Mari Asato	Aya, the most popular student of a Catholic all-girls school, suddenly shuts herself in her room. Her admirer, Kasumi Nohara, kisses her photo at midnight and suddenly disappears with her friend Michi as a witness. Her disappearance is quickly attributed to a supposed curse that affects girls who kiss the photo of the person they admire at midnight. Aya's photo is taken to the attic by Sakuya Itsuki and Risa for safekeeping, but the two alongside three other girls are enticed to kiss the photo. Except for Risa, who is later found dazed but alive, all of them are eventually found dead at a nearby river. When Michi attempts to kiss the photo, Aya stops her and reveals that she is not responsible for the curse, as the photo is not hers. They search help in Kazumi Mary Kusanagi, an eccentric photographer, who keeps photos inside her studio of lesbian girls who made suicide pact by drowning themselves at a lake, which is now closed down, due to the then society's intolerance towards same-sex couples. She also tells a story about a couple who was doomed when one of them refused to commit suicide, causing her to be haunted by her lover for the rest of her life. Aya then admits to Michi that she is haunted by the guilt of letting a fellow orphan of hers die in front of her. Michi decides to kiss the photo to put herself into the curse and chains herself to Aya so the latter can save her should she be in danger. However, the two are separated halfway through and Aya is knocked out by Takashi, the mentally handicapped brother of the school nun, Mayumi Aso. She is thrown into a reservoir located at the place where the lesbian couples committed their suicides. There, Aya remembers that the doppelganger is in fact her twin sister, Maya. Though she died at an early age, Maya grew up alongside Aya and put a curse at the photo until Aya could find her in the reservoir. Meanwhile, Michi is about to be drowned by Mayumi, who is revealed to be the one murdering the girls so as to keep Takashi's supposed involvement in Maya's death a secret, but she chooses to drown herself with Takashi when the authorities are closing in. Michi goes to the reservoir and reunites with Aya. Aya and Michi participate in the school choir celebrating their graduation. Meanwhile, Mary visits the school's headmistress and abbess, correctly deducing her as the lesbian girl who was haunted by the spirit of her lover. The headmistress reveals that to keep her lover from bothering her, she murdered Maya so the latter could accompany her, though she is distressed when the act led to more murders by Mayumi, although her brother had nothing to do with it. After the choir, Michi bids Aya goodbye before she departs for Tokyo to attend a photography college. She is about to take a photo of her, but pulls up at the last second and makes Aya promise to wait for her until she has become a proper photographer.
The Third Way of Love	Chinese	romance	John H. Lee	A love story of Lin Qi Zheng (Song Seung-Heon), who is from a rich family, and Zhou Yu (Yifei Liu) who is a smart and beautiful lawyer.
Virginia City	American	western	Michael Curtiz	Union officer Kerry Bradford (Errol Flynn) stages a daring escape from Confederate Libby Prison run by the commandant, Vance Irby (Randolph Scott). Bradford reports to Union headquarters and is immediately sent to Virginia City, a Nevada mining town, to find out where $5,000,000 in gold that Southern sympathizers plan to ship to the tottering Confederacy is being kept. On the westbound stagecoach, he meets and falls in love with the elegant Julia Hayne (Miriam Hopkins), who unbeknownst to him is in fact a dance-hall entertainer — and a rebel spy, sent by Jefferson Davis (Charles Middleton) to assist in the transfer of the gold by wagon train. Also on the stagecoach is the legendary John Murrell (Humphrey Bogart), leader of a gang of banditos, traveling as a gun salesman. Before he and his gang can rob the stage, Bradford gets the drop on Murrell, who is forced to send his men away. When the stage reaches Virginia City, Julia gives Bradford the slip and heads off to warn Captain Irby, who is now managing the gold-smuggling operation, that Bradford is in town. Bradford follows Irby to the rebels' hideout behind a false wall in a blacksmith's shop, but the gold is moved before he arrives. The Union garrison is called out to patrol the roads to prevent any wagons from leaving town. While Irby is meeting with the sympathetic town doctor, Murrell shows up looking for someone to set his broken arm. Irby offers Murrell $10,000 to have his banditos attack the garrison, which will force the Union soldiers guarding the roads to come to its defense. While the soldiers are busy, Irby's rebels will smuggle the gold out in the false bottoms of their wagons. First Irby needs to take care of Bradford. He uses Julia to arrange a meeting between the two men, and then takes Bradford prisoner, intending to return him to prison. The rebels' caravan is stopped at a small Union outpost. At first, they are allowed to proceed, but after watching the bullion-laden wagons have difficulty moving through the soft dirt, the soldiers become suspicious and attempt to inspect the wagons. The Southerners start a firefight, killing the soldiers. In the confusion, Bradford escapes. Pursued closely by Irby and his men, he rides his horse down a steep incline and ends up somersaulting down the hill. The rebels, believing him dead, continue toward Texas. Bradford returns to the outpost and sends a telegraph to the garrison. Major Drewery (Douglass Dumbrille), the garrison commander, arrives with a contingent of cavalry. Drewery, who is scornful of Bradford as a soldier, does not take his advice and ends up following a false trail, causing the pursuit to fall ever further behind the rebels, who are themselves fighting thirst, privation, and the unforgiving terrain. Bradford is able to persuade Drewery to allow him to take a small detachment to follow his hunch. Bradford and his men catch up with the caravan which is trapped in a canyon and being attacked by Murrell's banditos who are attempting to take the gold. Irby is wounded in the gunfight, but Bradford's superior military skills and the rebels' long guns eventually drive off the banditos. Before he dies, Irby delegates command of the caravan and its gold to Bradford. During the night, knowing that in the morning both Murrell's men and Drewery's command will arrive, Bradford takes the gold from the wagons and buries it in the canyon to prevent its capture. Drewery and his men arrive in the morning in time to crush the outlaws' renewed attack, and Murell is killed. Bradford refuses to disclose the gold's location and is brought up on charges in a court-martial. He defends his action in that, as a soldier, he knew the gold might have been used to win the war for the South and prevented that, but as a man he knows it belongs to the South and he would prefer that it be used to rebuild the South's shattered economy and wounded pride after the war. The court finds him guilty of high treason and sentences him to death on April 9, 1865. The day before Bradford's scheduled execution, Julia meets with Abraham Lincoln (Victor Kilian, seen only in silhouette) and pleads for Bradford's life. Lincoln reveals that at that very moment, Generals Lee and Grant are meeting at Appomattox Courthouse to end the war. As the war is over, and in a symbol of the reconciliation between North and South, Lincoln pardons Bradford in the spirit of his second inaugural address, With malice toward none; with charity for all...
Pigs and Battleships	Japanese	crime	Imamura, ShoheiShohei Imamura	The film focuses on Kinta, a member of the Himori Yakuza, who has been put in charge of the gang's pork distribution and his girlfriend Haruko, who works at a bar. Kinta is shown working with other gangsters, beating up a local shopkeep who caters to Americans and paying the people who work on the hog farm. When Kinta goes to visit Haruko in the afternoon she leaves without speaking to him and Kinta finds out through her sister that Haruko is being paid 30000 yen to go on a date with a sailor (and that her mother has already spent the money). Haruko returns to Kinta later that night, although Kinta is unhappy because of the earlier events. Haruko reveals that she is pregnant and expresses her concerns about Kinta’s work. Another gangster calls on Kinta early in the morning and they go out on a small boat to a larger boat where the body of a man who ran afoul of the gangsters is loaded on for them to dispose of. One of the other gangsters asks Kinta about being the fall guy, which Kinta reluctantly says he is willing to do. Haruko gets an abortion, and the doctor charges Kinta extra knowing that the Yakuza have money. A few days later, the body from the boat washes up on the wharf and is found by Kinta’s father. Kinta and his boss hide the body before Kinta’s father returns with the police, but Kinta’s father notices that Kinta’s feet are dirty and figures out that Kinta hid the body, leading to a fight. Haruko pushes Kinta to leave the gang and run away with her but Kinta refuses because he does not want to be a “wage slave”. Meanwhile, one of the gangsters, Ohachi, is tasked with disposing of the body by burying it on the pig farm. Kinta’s boss, Tetsuji, gets mad at the other gangsters when he finds out that they set Kinta up as the fall guy without consulting him, and it is revealed that the “big boss”, Himori, has some doubts about Tetsuji. The boss calls for a celebration, where they drink, play games and cook one of the pigs. As they are eating the pig Ohachi reveals that he was too lazy to bury the body so he simply boiled it and put it into the pig feed, disgusting the other gangsters. Tetsuji, who is ill, becomes so sick that he has to go to the hospital. Kinta finds out that his boss only has 3 days to live, information that Tetsuji forces out of him. Tetsuji is distraught and pays a gangster named Wang to kill him at some point in the future. Haruko, becoming increasingly frustrated with Kinta, goes to a party with sailors to get drunk. Haruko is shown at a hotel with three Americans, all of whom are loud and drunk. In a moment of clarity she tries to leave but is stopped and raped by the sailors. Afterwards, Haruko attempts to escape with the American’s money but gets caught and goes to jail. The next day, her family retrieves her and she agrees to marry an American according to her mother’s wishes. Meanwhile, the Himori gang is crumbling for financial reasons. Kinta and a few other gangsters agree to load the pigs on trucks that night and take the money for themselves. Kinta goes to wait at the pig farm and finds Haruko, and the two agree to runaway together after Kinta sells the pigs. At night, Himori arrives before Kinta’s friends and loads up the pigs on trucks of his own, also beating up Kinta and loading him onto a truck. Kinta’s friends arrive in time to see Himori leaving and follow them into the downtown. Himori and Kinta's friends reach an agreement and decide once again to make Kinta the fall guy. However, Kinta says no this time and uses a rifle he discovered earlier on the truck to ward off the other gangsters. Tetsuji shows up, having discovered earlier that there was a medical mix-up and that he only has a mild ulcer, and Wang arrives, causing the Tetsuji to run away, although he is in no danger because Wang discovered that he was paid in counterfeit money and would therefore not kill the boss. Kinta orders the truck drivers to release all of the pigs. Kinta is shot by one of the gangsters, and after Kinta returns fire, the terrified pigs stampede ultimately resulting in the deaths of many towns people. Haruko, who had agreed to meet Kinta at the train station, overhears that there is Yakuza infighting downtown. She goes there only to find Kinta’s body, having died from his gunshot wound. Days later, Haruko’s family prepares for her to marry the American man but Haruko runs away.
Babu Bangaram	Telugu	action	Maruthi Dasari	ACP Krishna (Venkatesh) who is a kind-hearted man who has a lot of empathy even towards criminals. Sailaja (Nayanthara) is the daughter of an accused person Sastry (Jaya Prakash) for a murder, wanted by the police and hiding somewhere. Sailaja runs her family with a catering business and struggling for her 4 sisters and grandmother (Shavukar Janaki) on one side and on another side she is facing an existential threat from Mallesh Yadav (Sampath Raj) a big goon who is a henchman of MLA Puchappa (Posani Krishna Murali) who are after Sastry. One more thing that suffers her is Bathayi Babji (Pruthvi) her maternal uncle’s son who tortures her every day to marry him. Once Krishna meets Sailaja when she is in sorrow mood and the sympathy inside him works out and falls in love with her at first sight itself. Afterward, he comes to know regarding her problems and Sailaja hates the police. So he hides his identity, targets Bathayi Babji, traps him with some comic tricks, introduces himself to Sailaja as a common man with Babji's help and starts helping her & family. In this process, they develop a bond and Sailaja also starts loving him. But Krishna’s real agenda is completely different. He has been appointed by Commissioner (Murali Sharma) to catch Sailaja father Sastry. That’s why he had made this entire plan. Meanwhile, Sailaja’s grandmother collapses with the heart attack and she wants to see her son Sastry, Krishna forces Sailaja to call her father, by giving an assurance he makes her do so. But his actual motive is to catch him. Sastry visits to the hospital when Krishna tries to arrest he listens to the good impression that Sailaja & family having on him, so he is not able to arrest him but suddenly a C.I. (Brahmaji) assistant to Krishna enters the scene and surrounds Sastry and reveals the entire truth regarding Krishna. Sastry escapes from there but he is suddenly attacked by goons of MLA Puchappa & Mallesh Yadav and he is seriously injured and goes into the coma, Krishna protects him and joins in the hospital. But when Sailaja comes to know the real motive of Krishna, she starts hating him and asks him to never show his face, things get upset between the couple and they break up with each other. Then onward Krishna starts a serious investigation to explore the hidden truth in which he comes to know Sastry is an income tax officer, in a raid at MLA Puchappa’s house he and his superior officer gets a pen drive which contains life secrets of MLA Puchappa & Mallesh Yadav. The superior officer tries make a deal with Mallesh Yadav. Knowing this Sastry keeps the pen drive under wrap. So they kill the superior officer put the blame on Sastry and for the pen drive, they are behind his family. Rest of the story is all about how Krishna protects Sailaja’s family, proves her father’s innocence, catches the culprits and gets back his love.
Bridesmaids	American	drama	Lila Garrett	Four great friends come together after a 20 years estrangement to find their once-innocent gang were no more.
Incident	American	crime	William Beaudine	A man is mistaken for a hoodlum and beaten up, leading him to a sordid web of violence and danger.
Winnie the Pooh and a Day for Eeyore	American	animation	Rick Reinert	The film begins with the invention of a racing game called Poohsticks in which Pooh takes a walk to a wooden bridge over a river where he likes to do nothing in particular. On this day, though, he finds a fir cone and picks it up. Pooh thinks up a rhyme to go with the fir cone, but he accidentally trips on a tree root and drops it in the river. Noticing that the flow of the river takes the cone under the bridge, Pooh invents a racing game out of it. As the game uses sticks instead of cones, he calls it Poohsticks. Later that day Pooh, Piglet, Rabbit and Roo are playing Poohsticks, then see Eeyore floating in the river. After somehow rescuing him with a rock, he tells them that he fell in due to being bounced from behind. Piglet assumes it was Tigger who bounced Eeyore into the river. When Tigger arrives on the scene, he claims that his bounce was actually a cough, leading to an argument between him and Eeyore, but with some outside help from the narrator, Winnie the Pooh and his friends find out that he had indeed deliberately bounced Eeyore on page 245. Tigger says it was all a joke, but nobody else feels that way. Tigger disgustedly says that they have no sense of humor, and bounces away. But as Eeyore seems particularly depressed this day, Pooh follows him to his Gloomy Spot and asks what the problem is. Eeyore says that it is his birthday, and nobody has taken any notice to celebrate it. Pooh decides to give him a jar of honey, but does not get far before he has a hunger attack and ends up eating the honey. He decides to ask Owl for advice. Owl suggests that he writes to Eeyore on the pot so that Eeyore could use it to put things in. Owl ends up writing a misspelled greeting (hipy papy bthuthdth thuthda bthuthdy means A Very Happy Birthday, With Love from Pooh) on the pot and flies off to tell Christopher Robin about the birthday. Piglet, who heard about Eeyore's birthday from Pooh, planned to give a red balloon to Eeyore, but when Owl greets him from the sky, Piglet forgets to look where he is going, until he hits a tree and causes it to accidentally burst the balloon. Piglet is very sad that his gift for Eeyore is spoiled, but he presents it to him anyway, and only a minute later, Pooh brings the empty pot. Eeyore is gladdened, as he puts the busted balloon into the pot and removes it again (he also claimed that he likes the color red). Pooh and his friends then pitch in and plan a surprise party for their friend. During the party, Tigger arrives and bounces Rabbit out of his chair. Roo welcomes him to the festivities as Rabbit draws himself up from being bounced on by Tigger, incensed. Rabbit opines that Tigger should leave because of the way he treated Eeyore earlier, Roo wants Tigger to stay, and Christopher Robin's solution is for everyone to go to the bridge and play Poohsticks. Eeyore, a first-time player, wins the most games, but Tigger wins nothing at all, causing him to conclude that Tiggers don't like Poohsticks. Eeyore's secret for winning, as he explains to Tigger afterwards, is to let his stick drop in a twitchy sort of way. As Tigger bounces Eeyore again, Christopher Robin, Pooh and finally Piglet all decide that Tigger's all right, really.
The Evil Below	American	horror	Unknown	Max Cash is a down-on-his luck fisherman and charter boat captain living in the Bahamas when his life takes a turn when he meets Sarah Livingstone, a tourist who is seeking to find the treasure of accursed shipwreck, 'The El Diablo' which has been rumored to have sunk on an offshore reef near one of the many islands. Max and Sarah then team up to locate the wreck while dodging a local crime boss as well as a mysterious businessman who claims that the wreck is guarded by supernatural forces in form of a sea monster that no one claims to have ever seen and survived.
Dracula: The Dark Prince	American	horror	Pearry Reginald Teo	Dracula, a Romanian prince, knight of the secret order of the dragon, and direct descendent of Abel is charged with the task of vanquishing the Turks from his homeland. While on campaign, he appoints his wife Erzebet to rule in his place. When he returns however, he finds that his wife has already been murdered by his advisers who were unhappy with his ways. An enraged Dracula turns against God and is cursed to spend an eternity in loneliness. Centuries later, a group of keepers are attacked by Wraith and his undead in their quest to find the Lightbringer, the only weapon that can kill Dracula. Sisters Alina and Esme are entrusted to bring the Lightbringer to Leonardo Van Helsing as their guards ward off an attack. A band of thieves led by Lucian finds the sisters and steal the Lightbringer. Leonardo arrives just as before the band is attacked by Wraith and his undead. During the struggle, Lucien manages to activate the Lightbringer revealing that he is a descendent of Cain and able to wield the weapon. He manages to injure Wraith with the weapon but most of the thieves are killed and Alina is kidnapped by Wraith and brought to Dracula. Dracula recognizes Alina as his murdered bride and instructs Renfield to protect her. Meanwhile, Leonardo tells Lucien about his lineage. The group discovers that the Lightbringer is activated by Lucien's blood to kill the undead and Leonardo goes on to say that with the blood of Dracula then, it can bring the dead to life. At the castle, Alina attempts to leave but is stopped by one of the Demetria who shows her the dining room and says that they like living there. As she becomes entranced by the atmosphere, the courtiers, who are revealed to be vampires attempt to bite her but Alina is rescued by Dracula just in time. At Betriz, Esme, Leonardo, and Lucien arrives at a gathering of demon hunters where they meet Andros, an axe-welding giant hunter who looks to avenge his sister who was taken long ago. Here Leonardo tells how one who is bitten can either suffer forever, become his slave by drinking his blood, or are killed. Andros joins the group to find Dracula's castle. Wraith and his undeads once again attacks the group and is this time mortally wounded by the Lightbringer. He returns to the castle and is revived by Dracula. At the castle, Dracula offers Alina his wife's necklace. The necklace grants Alina his wife's memories and she sees how Dracula was a tender lover long ago. Dracula then shows her the night sky and recount to her how his search for his lost love. The couple dance and Dracula tells her his dream that he will be able to use the Lightbringer to prevent God from ever taking someone's love from them again. Outside, the group find Dracula's castle with the aid of the Lightbringer and infiltrate it. As the group split up to look for Alina, Leonardo is defeated by Wraith and bitten by his vampires. Demetria, who is revealed to be Andros' long lost sister, tries to bite him before she is killed by Esme. Lucien finds Alina and the two rendezvous with the group but the castle's vampires awaken and attack. During the ensuing fight, Leonardo uses his crossbow to break the ceiling letting in the daylight allowing the group to escape. Wraith catches up with the group but Andros imbeds his axe into him using him as an anchor to allow the group to fastrope down to safety. Wraith is pulled into the light and dies. The group gathers demon hunters outside and storm the castle. As one of Dracula's knight attempt to harm Alina, she calls to him and Dracula protects her turning on his knights. Renfield bites Lucien and uses his blood to wound Dracula as he is holding Alina. Renfield reveals that he is the one who led the betrayal of Dracula and actual one who killed Erzebet and prepares to kill Alina but Esme kills him. Lucien stops Andros from attacking a mortally wounded Dracula and Alina takes him to his coffin. As she begs him to heal himself, he asks her let me spend these last moments with you, it is better than a century alone. Lucien vanished into the wilderness with a broken heart, Leonardo's descendents continues to hunt vampires, and Alina continues to wait to be reunited with Dracula.
Fear City	American	action	Abel Ferrara	A serial killer who is an expert at martial arts is preying on strippers in Manhattan's Times Square. Night after night, he visits smoky strip clubs, waiting for his victims. The owners of the largest company of strippers in the city are Matt Rossi (Berenger) and Nicky Parzeno (Scalia). Rossi is a retired boxer who retired after having killed an opponent in the ring. He is now seeing their whole business under threat, at the same time as he fears that the woman he loves might be the next victim.
Train of Events	British	drama	Sidney Cole, Charles Crichton, Basil Dearden	The film opens with a long shot of a Liverpool-bound train waiting to depart from Euston station in London. The train leaves with various characters on board. After dark, the train is still travelling north at speed when a light being waved by the trackside is seen by the driver. He applies the brakes, but a road tanker stalled across a level crossing is looming up just ahead. Plainly, there is not enough room to stop. Just as the collision is about to occur there is a fade out, which is succeeded by a general view of the railway locomotive sheds at Euston, three days earlier. Several personal stories are then told in a series of flashbacks which make up the train of events referred to in the title. The first story, The actor, is about Philip (Peter Finch), an actor on board the train who has a dark secret. He has been visited by his estranged wife, and in a tense scene set in his lodgings we learn that she has been unfaithful while he was serving in the Army. She jeers at him, and he is roused to one supreme effort of revenge, strangling her while a gramophone plays These Foolish Things. The theatre party to which he belongs is travelling on the train, en route to a tour of Canada. Also on board is a costume hamper, which contains the body of his wife. He is hoping to lose it somehow on the transatlantic crossing, but two suspicious detectives have been tracking him, and are on board the train too. The second story, The Prisoner-of-War, is about Richard (Laurence Payne) and Ella (Joan Dowling). He is a former prisoner of war on the run, who hates the idea of returning to Germany. They have endured a miserable life of subterfuge in a succession of seedy lodgings, and Ella is hoping that they can start again on the other side of the Atlantic. However, Ella has stolen money from her landlady's cashbox to pay for the journey, and there was only enough for one of them to emigrate. Selflessly, she intends that it will be him. The third story, The Composer, is the tale of composer Raymond Hillary (John Clements), who is travelling to a performance away from London with his star pianist, the temperamental Irina (Irina Baronova). Although married, he has a string of dalliances behind him, and Irina is the latest of these. The fourth story, The Engine Driver, takes place at the front of the train, centred on engine driver Jim Hardcastle (Jack Warner). He is facing his own crisis, because he is a candidate for a job in management at the locomotive sheds. This would take him off the footplate and allow him to work office hours for the first time in his career, which is the heartfelt wish of his wife Emily (Gladys Henson). However, to protect his daughter's future husband when he was accidentally absent, Jim illicitly worked the younger man's shift, and this innocent deception could cost him the promotion. The film then returns to the train, which is roaring through the dark of the evening. Again, there is the light by the track, and the tanker just ahead – but this time, we see the whole collision. The derailed and damaged train is lying in ruins. Jim Hardcastle groggily recovers consciousness in a pile of coal from the overturned tender, and shocked passengers wander about. One of them is Richard, the prisoner of war on the run, but his Ella isn't walking. She is on a stretcher and evidently badly hurt, and dies before she can be taken away for treatment. Richard runs from the scene (and the attending police), unaware of the steamship ticket in Ella's handbag, which blows away across the tracks. Philip, the actor who has murdered his wife, seems unhurt and tries to make a dash for freedom. But as he tries to evade the detectives who were on board, he runs dangerously close to the wreckage, and an unstable coach collapses on top of him. Irina and Raymond, the pianist and the composer, are only bruised, and their company is able to continue with their performance, albeit in bandages. There is a happy ending for driver Jim. The final scene shows him waving goodbye to his wife, as he prepares to cycle across to the locomotive sheds on his first day in that nine-to-six job.
Night Warning	American	horror	Bill Asher	Billy Lynch is a high school student whose parents died in a car accident and has been raised by his aunt, Cheryl, who is overly protective of him. A gifted basketball player, Billy is offered a chance at a scholarship to attend the University of Colorado, but Cheryl dismisses the idea, assuming that Billy will stay with her to contribute. At school, Billy is bullied by one of his basketball teammates, Eddie, who is jealous of Billy's close friendship with their coach, Tom Landers; meanwhile Julia, the school's journalism photographer, begins to take romantic interest in Billy. On Billy's seventeenth birthday, Cheryl changes her mind about the scholarship, and asks Billy to stop by the television repair shop to have the shop technician, Phil Brody, come by to look at their set. That night, after Phil works on their television, Cheryl makes aggressive sexual advances toward him; when he refuses, Cheryl stabs him to death with a kitchen knife, which Billy witnesses through the kitchen window. Cheryl hysterically claims Phil tried to rape her. A bigoted police detective, Joe Carlson, is assigned to the case, and is skeptical of Cheryl and the alleged rape attempt. After discovering that Phil Brody was gay, and that he was in a same-sex relationship with Billy's coach, Tom, he assumes the murder to be a result of a love triangle between Phil, Tom, and Billy. Carlson begins regularly questioning Billy, accusing him of being a fag, and harasses Tom, forcing him to resign from his job at the high school. Carlson also inquires from Julia about her and Billy's sexual relationship. Meanwhile, Cheryl drugs Billy's milk which causes him to perform poorly at his scholarship tryout, and cleans out the attic so he can have an apartment space in the house. Sergeant Cook, who has been casing Cheryl's home, believes Billy to be innocent, and is suspicious of Cheryl. After walking in on Billy and Julia having sex, Cheryl becomes increasingly enraged with Billy. In the attic, Billy finds a photo of a man named Craig, whom Cheryl claims was one of his mother's old boyfriends. Billy asks Julia to come by the house to distract Cheryl so that Billy can investigate further; locked in a box upstairs, he finds his birth certificate, indicating that Cheryl is actually his mother, and that Craig was his father. Meanwhile, downstairs, Cheryl strikes Julia in the head with a meat tenderizer in a fit of jealousy, and again drugs Billy with milk, rendering him unconscious. Julia awakens in a secret room in the basement, where she discovers Craig's mummified corpse and his severed head in a jar of formaldehyde next to a makeshift shrine. Cheryl's nosy neighbor Margie, having grown suspicious, arrives shortly after to investigate the goings-on on the property, and is followed into the woods behind the house by Cheryl, who stabs her to death with a machete. Sergeant Cook then enters the house in search of Julia, who has been reported missing by her mother, and is also murdered by Cheryl after discovering Julia in the basement. Cheryl chases Julia out of the house, and they both fall in a pond near the woods, where Cheryl again knocks Julia unconscious. Billy awakens in the attic, which Cheryl has adorned with his childhood toys, and stumbles downstairs to call the police. While attempting to dial 911, Cheryl attacks him with a knife, and a violent struggle ensues, ending with Billy impaling her with a fireplace poker. Billy calls Tom, asking for help. Shortly after, Carlson arrives at the house, where he finds Tom treating Billy's stab wounds, and sees Cheryl's lifeless body on the floor. In a rage, Carlson blames Billy and Tom for the crimes, and draws his gun on them, despite Julia's insistent cries that Cheryl was responsible. Tom and Carlson get into a scuffle, during which Billy is able to grab the gun, shooting Carlson multiple times. Carlson bleeds to death in front of the living room piano while Billy and Julia embrace, both crying.
The Anniversary	British	drama	Roy Ward Baker	One-eyed Mrs. Taggart is an emasculating woman whose husband, a successful building contractor, has been dead for ten years. Joining her for the traditional annual celebration of her wedding anniversary are her three sons: eldest Henry is a transvestite; middle son Terry is planning to emigrate to Canada with his shrewish wife Karen and their five children; and youngest Tom, a promiscuous philanderer whose many past relationships have ended at his mother's insistence, arrives with his pregnant girlfriend Shirley in tow. Throughout the day and evening, the domineering, evil, vindictive, manipulative matriarch does everything in her power to remind her children who controls the family finances and ultimately their futures.
Achanak	Bollywood	drama	Naresh Malhotra	Wealthy industrialist Yashpal Nanda (Saeed Jaffrey) is widowed, and lives with his daughter, Nisha (Pinky Singh), and two sons, Vijay (Rahul Roy), and Arjun (Govinda). He gets Nisha married to Nilesh (Dalip Tahil), while Vijay gets married to Madhu (Farah Naaz), and Yashpal is on the look-out for a suitable bride for Arjun. Arjun lives a charmed life, surrounded by the family he loves and working at his family's thriving business. Then he meets Pooja (Manisha Koirala), and his life gets even better. The two quickly fall in love. Yashpal is overjoyed and happy with Arjun's choice and cannot wait for them to get married. The Nanda family's world gets turned upside down when Nisha and then Vijay pass away suddenly, leaving the family devastated. Pooja is mistakenly convicted of murder, and Arjun must save her while he keeps up his family responsibilities, but his father soon meets a cruel end as well. The police arrive on the scene to arrest Arjun for murder. Now, on the run from both the police and the mysterious criminals, Arjun and Pooja work to expose the truth while evading a fate at the hands of either.
Hit and Run	American	crime	Hugo Haas	Gus Hilmer, a moneyed garage and junkyard owner, falls in love with and marries a showgirl named Julie, who's many years younger than he, and this causes tension between Hilmer and Frankie, a young auto mechanic whom he has befriended. Julie begins a romantic affair with Frankie, then plots with him to get rid of her husband. On a dark, remote road, Frankie runs down Gus with a car, killing him. He and Julie are free to be together and run the garage, or at least they think they are until Gus's twin brother turns up.
Written By	Hong Kong	drama	Wai Ka-Fai	Lau Ching-Wan plays a lawyer who dies in a car wreck just before answering his daughters question about ghosts, leaving behind his wife, daughter and son. To console herself, his daughter (blind from the crash) writes a novel where she, her mother and brother have died in a car wreck but her father(but blind) has survived. To her surprise, the character of her father in her book decides that HE needs to write a novel to console himself and in his novel he has died but his wife and daughter have lived...and on and on in an endlessly recursive loop, as wounded characters desperately apply fiction to try and dull the sharp edges of their grief. [1]
The Pleasure Garden	British	drama	Alfred Hitchcock	Jill, a young dancer, arrives in London with a letter of introduction to Mr. Hamilton, proprietor of the Pleasure Garden Theatre. The letter and all her money are stolen from her handbag as she waits to see him. Patsy, a chorus girl at the Pleasure Garden, sees her difficulty and offers to take her to her own lodgings and to try to get her a job. Next morning Jill is successful in getting a part in the show. Her fiance, Hugh, arrives with a colleague called Levet. Hugh and Patsy become very close while Jill is being pursued by a number of rich men, eventually breaking up with Hugh in order to begin a relationship with the wealthy Prince Ivan. Not long after this, Hugh is sent to Africa by his company. Jill moves out of the lodgings she shares with Patsy and becomes more involved with the Prince. As she becomes more successful and used to the rich and famous lifestyle she also becomes more dismissive of Patsy, shunning her and eventually seeing her as a commoner. As Patsy laments the loss of her friend, she is comforted by Levet who convinces her to enter into marriage with him. The couple honeymoon in Italy before he leaves to join Hugh in Africa. After some time Patsy finally receives a letter from her husband in which he says he has been sick for weeks. Patsy is determined to go to take care of him and asks Jill to lend her the fare. Jill refuses as she is preparing for her marriage to the Prince and has no money to spare. Patsy is able to borrow the fare from her landlords Mr and Mrs Sidey. When she arrives at her husband's bungalow, she finds that he is having an affair with a local woman and leaves. Levet tries to drive the woman away but when she refuses to leave him, follows her into the sea and drowns her. Meanwhile, Patsy has found that Hugh really is very ill with a fever and stays to take care of him. Hugh has since discovered from a newspaper that Jill is to marry the Prince and he and Patsy soon realize that they love each other. Levet finds them together and accuses Hugh of making advances to his wife. Patsy agrees to follow Levet back to his bungalow in order to save Hugh. During the night, Levet is stricken with guilt and paranoia over the murder of his mistress and begins seeing ghostly visions of her. Levet becomes convinced that the ghost of his mistress will not stop haunting him until he murders Patsy too. Levet corners Patsy with a sword but he is shot dead before he can kill her. Hugh and Patsy find consolation with each other and return to London.
The Embezzler	British	crime	John Gilling	A quiet, respectable henpecked bank cashier learns he has only a few years left to live, and decides to embezzle money from the bank where he works, and enjoy the rest of his days in South America. Discovered in the act, the embezzler flees to an English seaside hotel. There he joins a group of residents including Mrs. Forrest who has problems of her own as she is being blackmailed by a former lover. The embezzler intercedes for her, but at a high cost. [2][3]
Vivegam	Tamil	action	Siva	The film opens with an arms exchange deal between the General Secretary of Europol police and the Head of the Russian mafia gang in a dense Serbian forest, secured with multiple layers of military personnel. AK, a former counter-terrorist agent successfully intercepts the deal and secures the weapons drive. Meanwhile, the international counter terrorist group is on the lookout for him. Aryan, a Chief Strategist and his team volunteers to find AK. AK lives happily with his wife Yazhini, who owns and manages an Indian restaurant. Their merry life is interrupted by a mission to trace a hacker, Natasha from Bulgaria, who is responsible for cracking the security codes of the plutonium weapons. There were already three man-made sesmic activities caused by the explosion of plutionium bombs. She is wanted by the Interpol, CIA as well as the terrorists groups around the world for her hacking skills. AK's mission is to secure the hacker, thereby preventing the two future sesmic quakes targeted in India. AK goes back to Serbia, in search of Natasha, where he is guided by Aps(Arumai Prakasm), a local translator. AK interrogates the hospital doctors in the city and finds out, Natasha has undergone plastic facial alteration surgery. Meanwhile, an Albanian gang has hijacked Natasha's boyfriend and tortured him to death. With the help of the pacemaker found in her boyfriend's body, AK traces Natasha and moves her to a safe house. Natasha was unaware that the code she decrypted was that of nuclear weapon. She feels guilty and proposes she can diffuse the remaining Plutonium weapons from a neutrino site. On their way to the site, Natasha is killed by a group of terrorists. Aryan and his team ambuishes AK and opens fire at him. AK survives the ambush and kills two of his ex-teammates. Aryan hires assassin to kill Yazhini. But AK neuralizes the assassins and saves his wife. Later, AK comes to know that Aryan and his teammates belong to the shadow government who controls the economy of the world by war manipulation. Aryan as a counter-terrorist officer and as an agent of shadow government, forces AK and his pregnant wife into hiding by blaming AK as the most wanted terrorist. Then AK releases a video challenging Aryan and his group to save Aryan from getting assassinated. Aryan kidnaps AK's wife and forces AK. Then AK tries to stop the nuclear weapon from blasting by turning of all the satellites by powerhub. To stop AK from continuing his job Aryan kidnaps AK's wife and keeps her in a secret place then he tells AK that his wife has been kidnapped by me so what will you do will you save your wife? or going to stop the bomb from blasting?. Then AK comes to the rescue and eventually beats up Aryan and prevents the plutonium weapon from blasting. Then AK with his wife and child goes in a long drive in car suddenly a mission comes for AK.
The Lake House	American	romance	Alejandro Agresti	In 2006, Dr. Kate Forrester (Sandra Bullock) is leaving a lake house that she has been renting in Madison, Wisconsin to move to Chicago. Kate leaves a note in the mailbox for the next tenant to forward her mail, adding that the paint-embedded pawprints on the path leading to the house were already there when she arrived. Two years earlier in 2004, Alex Wyler (Reeves), an architect, arrives at the lake house and finds Kate's letter in the mailbox. The house is neglected, with no sign of paw prints anywhere. During the subsequent restoration of the house, a dog runs through Alex's paint and leaves fresh paw prints right where Kate said they would be. Baffled, Alex writes back, asking how Kate knew about the paw prints since the house was unoccupied until he arrived. On Valentine's Day 2006, Kate witnesses a traffic accident near Daley Plaza and tries to save the male victim, unsuccessfully. She impulsively drives back to the lake house, finds Alex's letter and writes back. Both Alex and Kate continue passing messages to each other via the mailbox, and each watches its flag go up and down as the message leaves and the reply arrives as they wait at the mailbox. They cautiously look around each time the flag changes, hoping to somehow spot the other. It is in vain as they are alone at the mailbox. They then discover that they are living exactly two years apart. Their correspondence takes them through several events, including Alex finding a book, Jane Austen's Persuasion, at a railway station where Kate said she would have lost it, and Alex taking Kate on a walking tour of his favorite places in Chicago via an annotated map that he leaves in the mailbox. Alex eventually meets Kate at her boyfriend's party but he doesn't mention their exchange of letters to her because she did not know him at that time. She later remembered the meeting as a vague memory in the past. For Alex, the meeting happened in the present but for Kate, it had already taken place in the past without her knowing that it was Alex. As Alex and Kate continue to write each other, they decide to try to meet again. Alex makes a reservation at the Il Mare restaurant for March 2007 — two years into Alex's future, but only a day away for Kate. Kate goes to the restaurant but Alex fails to show. Heartbroken, Kate asks Alex not to write her again, recounting the accident a year before. Both Alex and Kate leave the lake house, continuing on with their separate lives. On Valentine's Day 2006 for Alex, Valentine's Day 2008 for Kate, he returns to the lake house after something about the day triggers a memory. Meanwhile, Kate goes to an architect to review the renovation plans for a house she wants to buy. A drawing of the lake house on the conference room wall catches her attention and upon asking, Henry Wyler informs her the artist was his brother, Alex, and Kate realizes that this was the same Alex with whom she had been corresponding. She also learns that Alex was killed in a traffic accident exactly two years ago to the day and realizes why he never showed up for their date - he was the man who died in Daley Plaza. Rushing to the lake house, Kate frantically writes a letter telling Alex she loves him, but begs him not to try to find her if he loves her back. Wait two years, she says, and come to the lake house instead. Meanwhile, Alex has gone to Daley Plaza to look for Kate. At the lake house, Kate drops to her knees sobbing, fearing that she has arrived too late to stop Alex. After a long pause, the mailbox flag finally lowers; Alex has picked up her note. Not long afterwards, a familiar mint-green truck pulls up. She walks forward smiling as the driver, clad in jeans and a familiar tan jacket, approaches. She and Alex kiss and walk toward the lake house.
Nenu Sailaja	Telugu	romance	Kishore Tirumala	The film starts with Hari (Ram Pothineni) sitting by the beach, thinking of love and its consequences. Hari used to propose to every girl that he came across but was turned down every time. He grows up and becomes a DJ. He lives with his father, mother and twin sister Swecha (Sreemukhi) He still tries to woo every girl he comes across but fails. To overcome this depression, he sits with his best friend by the beach and they see a couple which infuriates him. He then starts drinking with his friend and believes that there is no chance of love in his life and shares his 1st love in the village with a girl where Hari was staying before his father was transferred to Vizag. Hari, in inebriated condition, is about to fall into the sea. But he is saved by Shailu (Keerthy Suresh). Hari asks her to drop him home as he has no money or vehicle to get home. Shailu offers lift but drops him in the middle as she thinks he is trying to woo her and even doesn't tell him her name when asked by Hari. He then tells his friend that if god exists, he will never meet her again. Next day in the hospital Hari encounters a young mute girl Pooja and very politely asks about her name and school to which she responds by expressions. Shailu, also present in the hospital, gets impressed by Hari's behaviour and notes down his phone number when Hari gives Pooja his number by finger expressions. In another incident when the roads are blocked by goons in order to inaugurate a statue by the minister, Hari beats them up and gives way to a passing ambulance which again impresses Shailu who was also present there. Meanwhile, it is revealed that Shailu was the girl with whom Hari first fell in love. Meanwhile, a local rowdy Maharishi (Pradeep Rawat) goes to Shailu's office and threatens Keerti (Dhanya Balakrishna) who is Shailu's friend and tells her to forget her boyfriend as he is marrying someone else. Shailu then calls Hari and asks for his help. They meet and there Hari reveals his name to Shailu and Keerti. Hari devises a plan and fools Maharishi by talking him to a woman who claims that she is her childhood lover Suchitra and Keerti is her daughter. This results in Keerti's marriage with her lover. When she tries to hug Hari, she is stopped by Shailu who is jealous of her hugs as Keerti hugged him twice before. Keerti then asks Hari to make Shailu fall in love with him. Hari, now fallen in love and Shailu spend time with each other. One day he drops her from office to home when she reveals that she has to go to Goa the very next day for an ad shoot. Hari drops her to airport by car where Shailu asks him to come to Goa along with him to which he agrees. During the ad shoot Hari recognizes that Shailu is the girl that he had fallen in love in his childhood. They spend good time together in Goa where Shailu tells him that the boy who lived near her house used to make her smile and today Hari is making her smile without knowing that it was Hari. After they come back to Hyderabad, Hari takes Shailu to her home and introduces her to his family members during which she comes to know that Hari was the boy who made her happy during her childhood by seeing the childhood photos of Hari in his home. She then gets a call from her mother to return to the village as soon as possible. Hari fails to contact Shailu for a few days. So he sits in beach thinking about her which is the starting part of the story. Mahrishi arrives there and asks him about Shailu. Shailu arrives and Hari tells her about his feelings to which she replies that  Hari, I love you but I am not in love with you which has totally confused Hari. Meanwhile, goons come to kidnap Shailu as her father refused to sell a part of his land. Hari thrashes them and asks Shailu about her problem. She then leaves. After a few days Hari joins a meditation centre to relive the thoughts of Shailu. He then sees his sister Swecha with her boyfriend at a bar one night. At home when Hari complains about the relationship,it is revealed that her boyfriend is Ashok who is Shailu's brother. It is also revealed that Shailu's aunt had asked her hand for her son Amar's marriage from her father Srinivas Rao (Sathyaraj). Hari, now understood the situation meets Ashok and tells him that he has to know is family first in order to get them married. To Shailu's susprise he meets her family as Ashok's friend. Ashok comes to know from a phone call from Maharishi that Hari has actually come for Shailu. He gets well with the family members and then uses this opportunity to get the family members close to each other as they had no proper bonding in between due to some misunderstanding when Shailu was born. He makes Shailu's grandfather (Vijayakumar) reunited with his son Srinivas and realises Shailu of her mistake, which was that her father is not a good father. Things go as per plan until Maharishi arrives to attend the wedding thinking that Shailu and Hari are getting married. He is about to spoil everything when Hari saves everything in time. Shailu then asks Hari to leave the place as soon as possible as it would cause no benefit to him. 2 days prior to the marriage, Shailu hugs Hari as she thinks she would lose him forever which is seen by the house maid. She then tells Shailu's mother that she thinks Shailu is not happy with the marriage, upon asking Shailu to which she agrees. The next day while her mother shares this experience to the family, Srinivas Rao gets a call that Shailu has been kidnapped. He orders Hari to get her back to which he succeeds. Now Maharshi tells everything to the family members about their love story upon which Hari and Maharishi are thrown out of the house by Amar. Shailu then tells her father that she loved Hari and no one can understand her better than him and said that she cannot live without him. On the marriage day, Srinivas takes Shailu to the railway station where she meets Hari and tells him that she loves him. Hari reveals that he would not let the marriage happen at any cost, so he had waited. Meanwhile, Srinivas Rao gets a call from her sister that Amar is missing who is actually kidnapped by Maharishi. Thus Hari and Shailu are reunited. Shailu is now married to Hari. They now have a baby daughter. The film ends with Sailu visiting her father at her hometown.
The Oh in Ohio	American	comedy	Billy Kent	Frustrated with the fact that he cannot give his wife Priscilla (Parker Posey) an orgasm, Jack (Paul Rudd) moves out of the house and starts a relationship with Kristen (Mischa Barton), his student. Unfulfilled, Priscilla forms an unlikely partnership with Wayne (Danny DeVito), a businessman more than twice her age.
Oxygen	Telugu	action	A. M. Jothi Krishna	The film begins with a joint family Raghupathi (Jagapathi Babu) and his brothers Sripathi (Nagineedu), Chalapathi (Abhimanyu Singh), Ganapathi (Brahmaji) owners of PATHI & CO Groups bigwig of Rajahmundry. The entire family is brimful with love & affections. Raghupathi's family has a feud with a local leader Veerabhadram (Sayaji Shinde). One after one, every person is killed in their family by unknown secret killers (Prabhakar & Amith). To protect his daughter Shruti (Rashi Khanna) Raghupathi looks for an American alliance. Krishna Prasad (Gopichand) is an NRI, who comes to India to get hooked on Sruthi. He is too good & very much kind and comes close to the family in few days only. In the beginning, Sruthi tries to avert the marriage because she doesn’t want to leave her family but later falls in his love when Krishna Prasad saves their family from their enemies. On the day of the marriage Sruthi wants to personally talk with Krishna Prasad, so, her brother Mahendra (Shaam) takes them to their farm where she asks Krishna Prasad to come to India leaving everything in the US for the sake and he happily agrees. Suddenly, they are attacked by unknown killers when a huge twist in the story Krishna Prasad takes the sword from Mahendra and decapitates him. Thereby Sruthi goes into the shocking state where it is revealed that he is not Krishna Prasad but Sanjeev, the person who killed the other members of the family also and the secret killers are his men only. Who is Sanjeev? What is his story? Why is he targeting Raghupathi’s family? Sanjeev works as a Major in Indian Army and the two secret killers are his colleagues Captain Amith & Captain Satyaveer. Once he comes to his hometown on leave, he leads a happy life with his parents (Chandra Mohan & Sudha), a younger brother Ajay and his fiancée Geetha (Anu Emmanuel) a Micro-Biologist. When everything is going well a sad thing happens in the family: Ajay who is a top ranker of University is a chain smoker, and he suddenly dies out of it. Geetha catches a point through his post-mortem report that all the organs of his body are spoiled and this would happen only due to taking powerful drugs. When Sanjeev is in search he only finds a cigarette packet in Ajay's room. After testing they find out that heavy dose of drugs have been mixed with a new composition in the cigarette for more sales and it spread like cancer all over the country. Here Sanjeev plans an operation Oxygen to smash the brand. He forms a team with the help of all army officers who are on leave and successful in destroying it. After that Sanjeev gets ready to go back to duty, at that time he gets information that someone is enquiring regarding him & his family. So he returns to home before he reaches home a shocking incident PATHI & CO brothers arrive at their house except Raghupathi because they are the original proprietors of the brand & the persons holding the formula. They mercilessly kill Geetha along with Sanjeev's parents. Now Sanjeev decides to take avenge. He also comes to know that they reintroduced the product with the new name, so, his target not only to destroy the formula but also to bring awareness to the public. Listening to this Sruthi decides to help him. Meanwhile, Raghupathi collapses with the heart attack because he comes to know that the person who is killing his family members is none other than Sanjeev. Simultaneously with the Sruthi's support, Sanjeev traces out all the legal activities of PATHI & CO brothers, catches their black money Rs. 5000 crores and distributes to the affected parties all over the country. Finally, he succeeds in treasure trove the formula located at their factory. Then he applies Plan B by keeping a message to the public to whom he distributed the money, that to watch a video on the internet at night 10:00 PM. Sanjeev & his men enter the factory and set the cameras & bombs in the factory. Suddenly bullets fire Amith & Satyaveer are shot died and Sanjeev is wounded, same time cameras start working where everybody gets astonished that Raghupathi coming out with his cruel face changing his traditional wear to modern getup. Raghupathi speaks very badly regarding public & their weakness and reveals his entire secrets’, regarding the formula also which was treasured in his mind. At last Sanjeev gives a message regarding NO SMOKING and jumps into the fire by blasting the factory along with Raghupathi. After this incident, most of the public gets motivated and stopped smoking. Police close the case and declare Sanjeev is dead. Finally, the movie ends by Sanjeev changing his identity and continuing his mission.
FBI Code 98	American	crime	Leslie H. Martinson	The president of an electronics company, Alan Nichols (Andrew Duggan), and his two vice presidents, Robert Cannon (Jack Kelly) and Fred Vitale (Ray Danton), are required at Cape Canaveral to oversee the test launching of a missile which their company developed. But before they are able to board the plane to take them there one of their suitcases is switched for one containing a bomb. Cannon opens his luggage when the men are in mid air and discovers the bomb, and his colleague Vitale manages to disarm it. The FBI is called in to determine whether this is a case of attempting to murder Cannon, whose suitcase contained the bomb, or an attempt to sabotage the air plane. The investigation soon proves that electronics project engineer Petersen made and planted the bomb in the suitcase. Petersen's motivation for doing this is that his son was fired by CEO Nichols, and when failing to blow up the plane he instead tries to blow up Nichols yacht, with the wife and her lover on it. The task for the FBI is to stop this endeavour.[2]
Dr. Plonk	Australian	comedy	Rolf de Heer	The story focuses on Dr Plonk, a scientist and inventor who, in 1907, determines that the world will end in 101 years. However, he is ridiculed for his beliefs and so invents a time machine in order to collect evidence from the future to prove his case. But each visit he makes to 2007 only causes him more problems, and he eventually becomes a wanted man...
Up the Creek	British	comedy	Val Guest	Lieutenant Humphrey Fairweather, a well-meaning but accident-prone naval officer with a passion for rockets, is posted where he can (so the navy hopes) cause no further damage. He is given command of a mothballed Royal Navy vessel, HMS Berkeley, which has had no Commanding Officer for several years. She is moored at a wharf on the Suffolk coast near the (fictional) village of Meadows End. He discovers that the ship is woefully under strength and is forced to contend with the schemes of his bosun, Chief Petty Officer Dogerty (Sellers). He and the crew are running several profitable businesses, including a same-day laundry, selling naval rum and cigarettes to the local pub, the Pig and Whistle, and making pies and pastries for sale to the villagers. They also keep pigs and hens. After the naive Fairweather is innocently drawn into the enterprises, he is politely blackmailed into covering for them. But when an Admiral makes a surprise inspection, the story eventually comes out. Whilst angrily haranguing them, Admiral Foley accidentally launches Fairweather's experimental rocket, and the ship is sunk. Because of Fairweather's impeccable connections at the Admiralty, and because the Berkeley was Admiral Foley's first command, Fairwather is not court-martialed. Instead, he is promoted to Lt-Commander and posted to Woomera to continue his rocketry research, accompanied by Susanne, the attractive French girl he has met at the pub. The ship's crew are posted to another ship, HMS Incorruptible.
Munchies	American	sci-fi	Bettina Hirsch	The protagonist, space archaeologist Simon Watterman, discovers a fossilized Munchie in a cave in Peru and accidentally reanimates it. Bringing the specimen back to the United States, Watterman's son and girlfriend name it Arnold. Cecil Watterman, Simon's evil twin brother and snack food entrepreneur, kidnaps Arnold while Cindy and Paul are making out. When Arnold is hurt by his kidnappers, it becomes aggressive and attacks Cecil's adopted son. Attempting to kill Arnold, they chop him into quarters, but instead of dying, Arnold multiplies into four new Munchies. The quartet of creatures develop a love of women, beer, attacking people, and junk food in the process.
The Terror	British	crime	Richard Bird	A group of criminals carry out a daring robbery of an armoured van. Two of the criminals are betrayed by the mastermind of the operation. After ten years in prison they come out and search for the man behind the crimes who betrayed them. But the police are on their tail also wanting to find out who was behind the robbery.
One Froggy Evening	American	animation	Unknown	A mid-1950s construction worker involved in the demolition of the J. C. Wilber Building finds a box inside a cornerstone. He opens it to find a commemorative document dated April 16, 1892. Inside is also a singing, dancing frog, complete with top hat and cane. After the frog suddenly performs a musical number there on the spot, the man tries exploiting the frog's talents for wealth. The frog, however, refuses to perform for any individual other than its owner, always devolving into deadpan croaking in the presence of others. First, the man takes the frog to a talent agent (which is next to a Gribbroek shoe store). When that fails, he takes out his life savings to rent an old theater (he is only able to get an audience with the promise of Free Beer). The frog performs atop a high wire behind the closed curtain but, as the curtain begins rising, he winds down the song and, by the time he is fully revealed to the crowd, he has reverted to being a plain frog. As a result of these failed attempts to profit from the frog, the man is now destitute and living on a park bench, where the frog still performs only for him. A policeman overhears this and approaches the man for disturbing the peace, but when the man points out the frog as having done the singing, and the frog predictably presents himself as ordinary, the officer takes the man into custody. He is committed to a psychiatric hospital along with the frog, who continues serenading the now hapless patient. Following his release, the now homeless, haggard and broken man, carrying the frog inside the box, spies the construction site where he originally found the box, and dumps it into the cornerstone of the future Tregoweth Brown Building before sneaking away. The timeline then jumps to 2056 (100 years and some days after the cartoon's debut). The Brown Building is being demolished using futuristic ray guns, and the box with the frog is discovered yet again by a 21st-century demolition man, who, after envisioning riches as well, absconds with the frog to start the process once again.
Gun Duel in Durango	American	western	Sidney Salkow	Will Sabre, an outlaw, decides to reform and ride to a new territory to begin a new life. This angers the gang's leader, Jake Dunsten, who gives chase. Will encounters a 10-year-old boy burying his father, killed in a covered-wagon attack. Dunsten's men ride up and shoot it out with Will, who uses the man's grave for cover. Taking the boy, Robbie, with him to the town of Durango, an attempt is made by Will to start fresh. He calls himself Dan Tomlinson and finds a job in a bank. He renews an acquaintance with a former sweetheart, rancher Judy Ollivant, who believes his story that he is no longer an outlaw. Sheriff Howard is suspicious of the stranger, however, and sends a wire seeking information about the notorious Will Sabre, even though a Texas Rangers captain vouches for Dan. Dunsten's gang kidnap Robbie and hold him hostage, forcing Will to help them rob the bank. Will goes through with it, but personally captures Dunsten and returns the stolen loot, earning a pardon from the governor that enables him to settle down with Judy and Robbie for good.
Hills of Old Wyoming	American	western	Nate Watt	An evil deputy is using Indian half-breeds to rustle cattles. This cause trouble between the cattlemen and Indian. Hoppy, Windy and Lucky see that justice is served. Songs abound.
Twice-Told Tales	American	horror	Sidney Salkow	Each of the three sequences is introduced by Vincent Price (in a voice-over). Price also stars in all three narratives. Two elderly friends, Carl Heidegger (Sebastian Cabot) and Alex (Price), meet to celebrate Heidegger's 79th birthday. They discover that Heidegger's fiancée from 38 years before, Sylvia, is perfectly preserved in her coffin. Heidegger believes that the water dripping into the coffin has the power to preserve. He tries it on a withered rose and it comes back into full bloom. Carl and Alex drink it and become young again. Carl injects the liquid into Sylvia and she comes back to life. Sylvia reveals that she and Alex were secretly lovers. Carl attacks Alex, but Alex kills him in the struggle. The effects of the water wear off. Sylvia is reduced to a desiccated skeleton, Carl's body returns to its original age. Alex returns to the crypt to find more of the water, but it no longer flows. In Padua, Giacomo Rappaccini (Price) keeps his daughter Beatrice in a garden. A university student next door, Giovanni, sees her and falls in love. One of Giovanni's professors says that he used to teach with Rappaccini. Many years ago, Rappaccini abruptly quit academia and became a recluse after his wife ran away with a lover. Rappaccini has treated Beatrice with an exotic plant extract that makes her touch deadly; he does this to keep her safe from unwanted suitors, but it makes her a prisoner in her own home. When Giacomo sees the attraction between Giovanni and Beatrice, he surreptitiously treats Giovanni with the extract so they can be together. Giovanni is aghast, and obtains an experimental antidote from his professor. He consumes the antidote in front of Beatrice, but it kills him. Beatrice drinks it also, killing herself. Giacomo grabs the exotic plant with both hands and its touch kills him. Gerald Pyncheon (Price) returns to his family house after an absence of 17 years, bringing with him his wife Alice. His sister Hannah, who had been living in the house, tells Alice about the curse put upon Pyncheon men by Matthew Moll (Maulle), who used to own the house but lost it in a shady deal to the Pyncheon family. Jonathan Maulle, a descendant of Matthew, arrives, but he refuses Gerald's offer to give him the house in exchange for the location of a vault where valuable property deeds are stored. Alice becomes haunted by the curse on the house, which eventually leads her to the cellar. Gerald finds her there and discovers the map to the vault. He kills Hannah to keep her share of the inheritance. Gerald traps Alice in the basement grave of Mathew Maulle, then goes to the study to find the vault. He opens it, and a skeletal hand inside the vault kills him. Jonathan arrives and takes Alice out of the house, just as it shakes and collapses.
Jalsaghar	Bengali	drama	Satyajit Ray	Jalsaghar depicts the end days of a decadent zamindar (landlord) in Bengal, and his efforts to uphold his family prestige even when faced with economic adversity. The landlord, Biswambhar Roy (Chhabi Biswas), is a just but other-worldly man who loves to spend time listening to music and putting up spectacles rather than managing his properties ravaged by floods and the abolition of the zamindari system by the Indian government. He is challenged by a commoner who has attained riches through business dealings, in putting up spectacles and organising music fests. This is the tale of a zamindar who has nothing left but respect and sacrifices his family and wealth trying to retain it.
Kaalpurush	Bengali	drama	Buddhadeb Dasgupta	The film tells the story in a non-linear fashion, with two timelines being depicted simultaneously. Rahul Bose has a dysfunctional marriage with Sameera Reddy who has an extra-marital affair.. Rahul tries to reconnect with his long-lost father (played by Mithun Chakraborty), while Sameera dreams of breaking free of her stifling domestic life. Rahul is considered as a failure both in professional and personal lives. However, an honest and simple man, he clings to simple joys of life and memories of his childhood. The back-and-forth movement of the story between two timelines (the present day and Rahul's childhood) and the arrangement of the sequences make Mithun a mystery man—he could be dead, alive, or, just a figment of Rahul's imagination. The film begins as Mithun follows Rahul as the later returns home from a day's work. Rahul is shown to be a doting father, but a failed husband. Mithun then starts to tell his own story. He had a happy family with wife (Laboni Sarkar) and the adolescent son Sumanata. A past flame of Mithun, played by Sudipta Chakraborty, incidentally arrives in the village (as a part of a masked dance troup) and meets Mithun. At one unrestrained moment, she tries to seduce Mithun. Mithun tries to resist. However, Mithun's wife, Laboni, sees a glimpse of them in a compromising situation. Laboni, pained by the betrayal, decides to leave Mithun, with their son in tow. While a devastated Mithun becomes a footloose traveller, their son bears the scar for the rest of his life. Back to the present, father and son come face to face to heal old wounds. Battling the brunts of a society that defines success too materialistically, Rahul also continues to relive his childhood memories. His wife, Sameera, meanwhile flies to the United States to spend an extended holiday with her brother's family settled there. She writes several travelogues. Rahul suddenly meets his father one day in a Calcutta street. He spends a memorable day with his father, reliving their memories, as well as discussing many aspects of life. Suddenly, Mithun disappears. Rahul's wife returns from USA, and tells him that she has been in an extra-marital relationship for long, and their children are actually not fathered by Rahul. Rahul says he knows everything, and still love their children. Soon, Sameera leaves Rahul. Rahul continues to live with their children. Towards the end of the film, Rahul again has a talk with his father, Mithun. Mithun tells him that many things in life remain unsaid, untouched. Mithun goes on to tell that after Mithun's wife, Laboni, left him, he wandered off to many places, finally one day, committing suicide. So, at the end, viewers understand that their suspicion was true that Mithun and all the talks between Rahul and Mithun were nothing but the imagination of Rahul's sensitive mind. Rahul continues to be a doting father. The film has several fantasy-like characters appearing several times. The old flute-seller, Idrish, and his son, Abdul, are such a pair of characters. Rahul once met them in his childhood. However, the duo appears several times in the film, especially in the moments when there is a voice-over of Mithun, or when Rahul is reliving some old memories. Masked troupes of village dancers also make several appearances.
Nadakame Ulakam (നാടകമേ ഉലകം)	Malayalam	comedy	Viji Thampi	Omanakuttan (Mukesh), is a Bank Manager by profession. But he is very interested stage plays and he himself has directed and acted in many plays. He is approached by a film crew from town headed by Pavan (Suraj Venjaramoodu), to produce their debut venture. Omanakuttan who is a cinema aspirant, agrees to finance the film after he was offered the lead role. Eventually, he learns that neither Pavanan nor his associates know anything about film making. Omanakuttan decides himself to script and direct the film. He completes the film successfully with a limited cast but fails to find a distributor. To find a distributor, Omanakuttan goes to Chennai but fate had something else planned for him there. His bag gets stolen and while chasing the thief, he gets hit by a car. Fortunately the car was that of an accomplished film producer and distributor (Siddhiq). After hearing the story of Omanakuttan, he decides to distribute the film, which became a super hit in the box office.
Deadly-2	Kannada	action	Ravi Shrivatsa	Soma (Audithya) is a talented cricketer-turned-underworld don. An incident where Soma is asked to cough up a 10 lakh bribe so as to be included in the state cricket team turns his life upside down. Not only does the selector leave out Soma's name from the final list, but also refuses to return the money. What ticks off Soma even more is a swear word uttered by the selector. In an impulsive act of rage, Soma kills the selector and thus begins his tryst with the Bangalore crime scene. Soma having emerged as one of the most wanted criminals, is on the hit list of police officers Ashok, Mani and Ugrappa. Does he fall to their bullets? And is there any connection between him and the Soma in Deadly Soma?
The Switch	British	crime	Peter Maxwell	Caroline Markham (Zena Marshall) is abducted by a criminal gang because she knows too much. The gang specialise in smuggling wrist watches into the country. Customs official Bill Craddock (Anthony Steel) attempts to rescue Caroline.
Mannin Maindhan	Tamil	romance	Rama Narayanan	Bhairavamurthy (Manoj K. Jayan) and Gajapathy (Ponnambalam) are two landlords in a village who fight with each other. Bhairavamurthy's wife and his car driver get killed by Gajapathy's henchmen. Kadhir (Sibiraj), the car driver's son, decided to take revenge on Gajapathy one day and grew him up in Bhairavamurthy's house. Amutha (Suha), Bhairavamurthy's daughter, returns to the village from her college and she falls in love with Kadhir. Bhairavamurthy decides, to join his hands with Gajapathy, to kill his faithful henchman. The couple elopes from the house and runs around village. Pratap (Sathyaraj), an honest cop, saves them. The henchmen, who worked with the landlords, lay down their arms and support the couple. Bhairavamurthy and Gajapathy decide to kill both Kadhir, but they kill each other.
The Broken Star	American	western	Lesley Selander	A deputy marshall (Smeed) kills a ranch hand and steals a sack of gold. He claims it was a fair fight but the marshal of Arizona's Southern Territory (Forrester) has his doubts. Unknown to Smeed, there was a witness to the murder (Nachez). While the investigation unfolds, Smeed tries to cover up the evidence and eliminate people who can implicate him. Another deputy (Gentry), who has always admired Smeed, defends him to his girlfriend (Alvarado) but is astonished when Alvarado translates the written eyewitness account (from the Spanish) by Nachez. Smeed kidnaps Nachez, taking him to a mine, where he kills him and hides the body. Gentry shows up at the mine but is over-powered by Smeed, tied up, and left to be buried in a cave-in caused by Smeed setting a charge. The marshal arrives with his posse and hunts down Smeed inside the mine, using an alternate entry. In the meantime, Gentry, who survives the cave-in, unties himself and joins the hunt. The posse corners Smeed, who draws first, and is killed by Gentry. In the closing scene, Gentry (with his new bride, Alvarado), is presented with a new badge by Forrester and congratulated for being appointed to the position of marshal of Arizona's Northern Territory.
Blood from the Mummy's Tomb	British	horror	Seth Holt	An expedition led by Professor Fuchs (Keir) locates the unmarked tomb of Tera (Leon) an evil Egyptian queen. A cabal of priests drugged her into a state of suspended animation and buried all of her evil relics with her. Fuchs is obsessed with Tera and takes her mummy and sarcophagus back to England, where he secretly recreates her tomb under his house. For days before her birthday, his daughter Margaret (also Leon) - who bears an uncanny resemblance to Tera and was born at the instant they recited her name - has recurring nightmares. Fuchs gives her the old queen's ring and tells her to wear it always. Of course, this only makes matters worse. Queen Tera's evil power begins to tempt Margaret, as she learns how she's feared by her father's former colleagues. Margaret notices a man lurking in the vacant building across the street. He is Corbeck (Villiers), an expedition member who's now her father's rival. Corbeck wants to restore Tera to life and he persuades Margaret to help him gather the missing relics. The problem is, each time one is given up the person who'd held it dies. When they have all the relics, Corbeck, Margaret and Fuchs begin the ancient ritual to reawaken Tera. At the last moment Fuchs learns that the queen's revival will mean Margaret's death. Together Fuchs and Margaret overpower and kill Corbeck, as the house quakes above them. Queen Tera awakens and kills Fuchs, but not before Margaret stabs her. Margaret and Tera are grappling over an ancient dagger when the house finally collapses on them. Later in the hospital, we see a woman whose face is wrapped in bandages. We're told she's the sole survivor, and that all the others in the Professor's basement were crushed beyond recognition. The bandaged woman slowly opens her eyes and struggles to speak. But who is she, exactly - Margaret Fuchs or Queen Tera?
Tars and Spars	American	action	Alfred E. Green	Howard Young is a coast guardsman who has been on shore duty for three years despite his efforts to be sent into action. His nearest approach to sea duty was on a harbor-moored life raft for 21 days as part of an experiment with a new type of vitamin gum for the government. He meets Christine Bradley, a SPAR, sent to take over his communications job and, by things he leaves unsaid, she thinks his life-raft experience was the result of a ship-wreck at sea.
ID	British	drama	Philip Davis	John (Reece Dinsdale), an ambitious young police officer, is sent undercover to join a violent football firm associated with the fictitious club Shadwell Town to track down the 'generals' - the shadowy figures who orchestrate the violence. His team of four gradually ingratiates itself into the lives of The Dogs, the nickname that Shadwell's fans give themselves. The main site for this is The Rock, a public house around which The Dogs' lives revolve. Gradually, the hard drinking, hard fighting macho culture - where Saturday's match and Saturday's fight are all that matters - proves strangely irresistible to John and he slowly finds himself becoming one of the thugs he has been sent to entrap. His relationships with his wife, his superiors and even his team become strained, and eventually his wife returns to her parents' house and rebuffs his attempted reconciliation. The police operation is abruptly wound up for budgeting reasons, just as it seems John is making progress in identifying those who pull the strings. The closing sequence shows a shaven-headed John taking part in a racist march, having become nothing more than a neo-nazi fascist. One of his team approaches him to try help him, but is rebuffed, John saying that he is, again, working undercover. There is a degree of ambiguity, and it might be that he is working undercover, though it may also be that he has become deluded and has merely mired himself in an even less pleasant world. His fascist chanting at the very end makes it clear that whatever the truth, John is unable to prevent himself from sinking into his character. The film features the fictitious teams of Shadwell Town and Wapping FC. The locations the teams are based on are real – they are neighbouring areas on the northern bank of the River Thames in London's traditional East End. It is believed that Millwall F.C was the inspiration for one team,[1] as the clubs' fans had a long standing reputation for violence during the period which the film represents.[citation needed] A sequel, with the title of ID2: Shadwell Army was released in August 2016. It was directed by Joel Novoa, and was written by Vincent O'Connell.
Silver City	American	comedy	John Sayles	Richard Dicky Pilager, the dim-witted scion of a powerful political dynasty, is running for Governor of Colorado. One day, while filming a campaign ad that shows him fishing at Arapahoe Lake, Pilager hooks a corpse on location. Chuck Raven, Pilager's campaign manager, hires Danny O'Brien, a former journalist who works as a private investigator, to examine the case. Raven urges O'Brien to find potential links between the body and Pilager's political enemies. O'Brien's job is essentially to intimidate Pilager's opponents, and he has numerous revealing conversations with various people. He learns that business mogul Wes Benteen is using Pilager to promote his own agenda. The interviews also reveal further corruption: politicians, land developers, and mining companies are conspiring to ignore certain environmental issues. O'Brien also learns about illegal migrant workers, as well as a potentially damaging love affair.
Jackass Presents: Bad Grandpa	American	comedy	Jeff Tremaine	Billy is sitting in the waiting room of a lawyer's office. His mother Kimmie comes out to grab him and tells him they're going to see his grandfather. Irving Zisman is sitting in the waiting room of a hospital, checking out a magazine and looking at racy photos. A nurse comes in to inform Irving that his wife has died. After a brief moment of silence, Irving starts laughing, overjoyed that his wife is dead. Irving leaves the hospital to get himself off, but unfortunately for him, the massage parlor and strip club are closed. Desperate, he sticks his penis into the slot of a vending machine. That's when he gets himself stuck and starts asking onlookers for help. Irving attends his wife Ellie's funeral with a group of strangers as they outlived all their close friends. As he starts giving a speech, Billy and his mother Kimmie barge in and Kimmie pulls Irving outside to talk to him. She says she is going back to jail for violating her parole, and she asks Irving to make sure Billy stays with his father. Irving reluctantly agrees and they go back inside. Kimmie starts to steal a pearl necklace from Ellie's casket, but Irving tries to stop her. Their struggle ends up pushing Irving into the casket, spilling Ellie's corpse onto the floor. Irving takes Billy to meet with a counselor while they contact Billy's father. Chuck turns out to be a deadbeat who refuses to take Billy in as he is unable to afford to do so. When his girlfriend comes in to remind him that he can get child support for Billy, he instructs Irving to take Billy down to Raleigh, North Carolina to drop him off by Sunday. Irving starts selling his late wife's belongings, and tries to sell her bed to a potential customer. Later, Irving calls a couple of unwitting guys to come help remove the bed, though he really asks them to help him and Billy carry Ellie's body to the trunk of his car, since he felt that she needs to be taken south to be buried properly. Irving and Billy hit the road, and Billy says he's hungry, so Irving pulls over to a nearby market where a woman is selling food. He tries to hit on her while Billy goes on a ride outside the shop. He tells Irving that it is not working, forcing Irving to test it out, only to end up getting blasted through the window when the ride springs off its base. Frustrated, Irving tries to send Billy off to North Carolina in a box. He takes him to the post office, but since Billy keeps moving and speaking, both women in the post office open it and are shocked to find him inside. Before he can get into anymore trouble, he says he will just take Billy back on the road. Irving leaves Billy in the car as he goes away to play Bingo. Meanwhile, Billy leaves the car to explore and stops an older gentlemen to get him to tie his shoelaces. The duo head to a supermarket when Billy gets hungry again, Irving steals food from the premises and makes himself and Billy sandwiches, which is seen by the staff. A woman comes out to chastise Irving for eating without paying. The two pull into a motel for the day. They pull Ellie's corpse out of the trunk since Irving thinks it would be disrespectful to leave it in the car. Irving then asks a man if he knows where a strip club is. The man points one out to him and he leaves Billy in the room. Irving goes to a club featuring male performers, and tells one of the dancers that he plans on waiting until the women are so aroused by the dancers for him to swoop in and make his move. When the men start to dance, Irving jumps on the dance floor and pulls down his pants. At the same time, Billy leaves the motel room to find him. He goes to another strip club and then to an adult book store. Irving eventually returns home before they have to hit the road again. As they approach North Carolina, Irving tries to use Billy to find a woman to hook up with, but they all turn him down. They drive to a diner where Irving crashes into a large penguin statue, arguing with one of the customers about fixing it. At the diner, Billy asks why he has to stay with his dad when he does not like him very much. Irving insists that Billy must do so anyway, then defecates onto the wall behind him. Embarrassed, they leave and later play some basketball while Billy asks Irving if he can take him fishing. Billy gets hungry yet again and Irving takes him to a church where a wedding reception is taking place. During a group photo, Irving swipes a glass of champagne, causing the whole tower of glasses to collapse, and he ends up falling on top of the table and into the wedding cake, crashing onto the floor. Irving drives Billy to a bar where they are meeting Chuck. Chuck is talking to a member of a biker organization called Guardians of the Children, which assists abused children. Chuck explains that Billy will allow for him to get child support just as Irving and Billy walk in the door. Irving asks him to make sure that Billy is taken care of, though he rudely responds to Irving that he'll get the job done. Irving bids Billy farewell. As Irving leaves tearfully, one GOC member comes out to assure him that they will keep their eyes on Billy. Irving drives away, but immediately starts to miss Billy. He turns the car around and drives back to the bar to get Billy back, just as Chuck is showing off his bad parenting by refusing Billy any food. Irving calls Billy to him, but Chuck prepares to fight him. The GOC members pull them away from each other and allow Irving to leave with Billy while they hold Chuck off and warn him there will be trouble if he acts threateningly. To celebrate, Irving and Billy crash a beauty pageant after spotting a flyer for it on their road trip. Billy gets dressed up as a girl and charms most of the judges, even though one reigning child champion and her mother note the unusual event of a girl being there with a grandpa. Billy dresses up as a sailor girl to put on a show. It appears cute until he rips off the outfit to reveal him wearing women's underwear and then put on a risque dance to Cherry Pie, then for Irving to throw money at him. Everyone, including the judges, are completely speechless. His wig falls off and the duo runs out. Irving drives up to a bridge where he and Billy finally get rid of Ellie's body by throwing it into a river before proceeding to fish, fulfilling Billy's desires.
White Lightning	American	action	Joseph Sargent	Bobby Gator McKlusky (Burt Reynolds) is serving time in an Arkansas prison for running moonshine when he learns his younger brother Donny was murdered and that Sheriff J.C. Connors (Ned Beatty) was the one behind it. Gator knows the sheriff is taking money from local moonshiners, so he agrees to go undercover for a federal agency (presumably the IRS or BATF) to try to expose the sheriff. His handlers force him onto Dude Watson- a local stock car racer and low-level whiskey runner. Watson has no choice but to cooperate because he himself is on federal probation or parole. To get inside the local moonshine industry Gator gets a job running moonshine with Roy Boone (Bo Hopkins). He also starts an affair with Boone's girlfriend Lou (Jennifer Billingsley). When the sheriff discovers Gator is working for the Feds, Connors sends his enforcer, Big Bear (Armstrong), to get him. Gator decides to go after the sheriff, leading to an epic car chase finale.
Solva Saal	Bollywood	romance	Raj Khosla	Laaj (Waheeda Rehman) whose father has arranged for her to get married to a friend's son, takes a family heirloom; pearl necklaces and elopes with her beau Shyam to Bombay. On the train, a crafty journalist named Pran (Dev Anand) overhears the lovers' plans and follows them in search of a story. Then Shyam gets off the train and runs off with the necklace. In pursuit of Shyam and to recover the necklace, it's Pran to the rescue. What follows is a song-filled caper of intrigue, adventure and romance, all set in one eventful night. Laaj is helped by Pran, first on the railway track, then when Laaj is depressed, she tries to commit suicide by jumping into the sea. a brief interlude with the taxi drivers, who put themselves on the track of Shyam, and with twists and turns the necklace is retrieved, and Laaj reaches home in time before her father wakes up and notices her absence. Young Laaj is wiser by the events of the night and realises that her Beau was only interested in her wealth. She agrees to go with her Father to send him off at the airport and also to meet up there with her Father's friend and his son, to whom her father would like her to get married. A rather subdued Laaj is waiting at the airport with her Father, when he notices his friend and his son coming up to meet them, and he tells Laaj there is the boy I want you to marry, I like him a lot, but I want you to see him and decide. Laaj looks up towards the person her father pointed out, and suddenly she breaks out into a smile. Life is worth living after all.
Braddock: Missing in Action III	American	action	Chuck Norris	Colonel James Braddock (Chuck Norris), Vietnam War veteran, had believed his Asian wife Lin Tan Cang (Miki Kim) to be dead since the war ended in 1975, but he hears from a missionary, Reverend Polanski (Yehuda Efroni), that Lin is not only alive, but that she and Braddock have a 12-year-old son named Van Tan Cang (Roland Harrah III). At first, Braddock does not believe it, but when cold-blooded CIA boss Littlejohn (Jack Rader) tells Braddock to disregard that information, that's when Braddock knows it's true. Braddock heads back into Vietnam through Parachute deployment and with the help of an Australian C-47 pilot. After parachute descent, Braddock outruns Vietnamese Navy Patrol Boats with a Jet-Powered speedboat. Reverend Polanski leads Braddock to Lin and Van. Attempting to flee the country, Braddock, Lin, and Van are captured by the soldiers of the sadistic Vietnamse General Quoc (Aki Aleong). Quoc kills Lin on the spot, and has his soldiers take Braddock and Van to a compound to be tortured. Later, Braddock overpowers his guards, frees Van, and heads for the mission that is run by Polanski. Quoc anticipates the move and takes all the mission children into captivity, along with Van and Polanski, and Braddock sets out to free them all from Quoc by going to his weapons cache that he had hidden a few days prior. He equips himself with a modified Heckler & Koch G3 battle rifle with an underslung 6-shot rotary grenade launcher and attachments including a spring-loaded bayonet. He raids the camp killing the guards and loading up one of the trucks with all the children including his son, Van and the Reverend. Soon after escaping they are followed and attacked by a Vietnamese-captured US UH-1 Huey. After they escape Braddock takes the children on foot and find a Vietnamese airstrip. Braddock silently takes out the guards and hijacks a C-47 Dakota plane. The plane is then assaulted by Vietnamese guards causing fuel to leak out of the plane, eventually crashing just outside the Cambodian-Thailand border. Braddock then raids the border station where Thai and US troops are watching on the other side, cheering Braddock on. When Braddock kills all the opposing troops more pour in. Braddock is injured by a grenade. When General Quoc then flies in on a Vietnamese Mil-24 Hind gunship thinking he has Braddock all to himself, two US helicopters on the side of the Thai border confront Quoc's gunship. Taunting each other to cross, Braddock and his son Van fire at Quoc's ship, hitting the pilot. The gunship crashes, killing Quoc. The US troops pour over the border and bridge and help the wounded Braddock and the children.
Dikkulu Choodaku Ramayya	Telugu	romance	Trikoti	Gopala Krishna (Ajay) is a bank employee whose age is nearing 40. He married an innocent woman named Bhavani (Indaraja) at the age of 18 because of his grandmother's request thus sacrificing his love. Since then he started toiling hard for survival and settles down nearly at 35 with two kids - Madhu (Naga Shourya), an engineering student and a young school going kid. He aspires to flirt young girls at this age for mental satisfaction. Krishna's close friend Sathyam (Brahmaji) is jealous in this issue as his wife always henpecks him and is extremely suspicious about him. Situations arise in such a way that a 21-year-old aerobics trainer Samhitha (Sana Makbul) is admired by both Krishna and Madhu without the knowledge of each other. Samhitha happens to be Madhu's senior in the college who discontinued her studies and she has to repay the loan raised in the bank Krishna works. Both Krishna and Madhu turn good friends with Samhitha and fall in love with her but are unaware of each other. For Samhitha, Krishna raises a loan from a local gangster. After few days, on the birthday of Samhitha, Krishna visits her house and proposes to marry her. Madhu sees this scene from a distance and dejected, he leaves. He also breaks his ties with Samhitha and plans to save Bhavani to whom Krishna is next to god. He tries in every possible way to separate them as a stranger to them as a stalker on phone. But he fails to separate them and they also register the date of marriage at Arya Samaj. Just on the day of the marriage, Bhavani visits a Temple and with the information given by Samhitha, police nab Madhu and interrogate him. He only reveals that he loved Samhitha and wanted to marry her. She develops hatred for him and before her and Krishna, police beat Madhu black and blue which manages to change Krishna's mindset and reveal the truth that he is already married to Bhavani. She wants to file a case of the duo but after realising that Krishna has really changed for the better, she drops her plans. Krishna unites with Bhavani and Samhitha forgives the duo and leaves while Madhu looks on.
I'm All Right Jack	British	comedy	John Boulting	After leaving the army and returning to university, newly graduated upper class Stanley Windrush (Ian Carmichael) is looking for a job but fails miserably at interviews for various entry level management positions. Stanley's uncle, Bertram Tracepurcel (Dennis Price) and his old army comrade, Sidney DeVere Cox (Richard Attenborough), persuade him to take an unskilled blue-collar job at Uncle Bertram's missile factory, despite Aunt Dolly's (Margaret Rutherford) misgivings. At first suspicious of the overeager newcomer, communist shop steward Fred Kite (Peter Sellers) takes Stanley under his wing and even offers to take him in as a lodger. When Kite's curvaceous daughter Cynthia (Liz Fraser) drops by, Stanley readily accepts. Meanwhile, personnel manager Major Hitchcock (Terry-Thomas) is assigned a time and motion study expert, Waters (John Le Mesurier), to measure how efficient the employees are. The workers refuse to cooperate but Waters tricks Windrush into showing him how much more quickly he can do his job with his forklift truck, than other more experienced employees. When Kite is informed of the results, he calls a strike to protect the rates his union workers are being paid. This is what Cox and Tracepurcel want; Cox owns a company that can take over a large new contract with a Middle Eastern country at an inflated cost. He, Tracepurcel and a Mr Mohammed (Marne Maitland), the country's representative, would each pocket a third of the £100,000 difference. Things don't quite work out for either side. Cox arrives at his factory to find that his workers are walking out in sympathy for Kite and his strikers. The press reports that Kite is punishing Windrush for working hard. When Windrush decides to cross the picket line and go back to work (and reveals his connection with the company's owner), Kite asks him to leave his house. This provokes the adoring Cynthia and her mother (Irene Handl) to go on strike. More strikes spring up, bringing the country to a standstill. Faced with these new developments, Tracepurcel has no choice but to send Hitchcock to negotiate with Kite. They reach an agreement but Windrush has made both sides look bad and has to go. Cox tries to bribe him with a bagful of money to resign quietly but Windrush turns him down. On a televised discussion programme moderated by Malcolm Muggeridge (playing himself), Windrush reveals to the nation the underhanded motivations of all concerned. When he throws Cox's bribe money into the air, the studio audience riots. In the end, Windrush is convicted of causing a disturbance and everyone else is exonerated. He is last seen with his father (Miles Malleson) relaxing at a nudist colony, only to have to flee from the female residents' attentions.
Zombie Nightmare	Canadian	horror	Jack Bravman	Set in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, a little boy named Tony Washington (Jesse D'Angelo) watches his father William Washington (John Fasano) play in a baseball game. On the way home Tony, William and Tony's mother Louise (Francesca Bonacorsa) see a young girl (Tracy Biddle) about to be raped by two teenagers. William saves the young girl from being raped but is killed when one of the rapists fatally stabs him. Years pass and Tony (Jon Mikl Thor), now a musclebound teenage baseball player, is leaving a small grocery store where he had helped disrupt an attempted robbery. As he steps out of the store and into the road, he is run over by a gang of reckless teenagers consisting of Bob (Allan Fisler), Amy (Tia Carrere), Jim (Shawn Levy), Peter (Hamish McEwan), and Susie (Manon E. Turbide) and is killed. After his body is brought to his mother, Louise, she contacts one of her neighbors, a voodoo priestess, named Molly (Manuska Rigaud) to save her son. Molly explains to Louise that although she is unable to restore her son back to life, she can keep him between a state of life and death long enough for him to avenge himself. After Louise agrees, Molly resurrects Tony as a zombie, then uses her powers to aid him in his revenge. The next night, the now zombified Tony is able to track down Peter and Susie at an academy's gymnasium and kills Peter by breaking his neck then Susie by crushing her skull with a baseball bat. The night afterwards, he is able to find and kill Jim by impaling him with the same bat before the latter could rape a waitress. Police detective Frank Sorrell (Frank Dietz) is soon investigating both incidents and initially agrees with a coroner that a large built, drug-fueled man is responsible. Sorrell brings his suspicions to his boss, police captain Tom Churchman (Adam West) and is told by him that they have already managed to find a suspect responsible that matches Sorrell's description and closes the case. Believing that the case has not been fully solved, Sorrell investigates photos that has Molly at both incidents and suggests to Churchman that they bring her in for questioning. However the captain quickly dismisses her as a batty, voodoo palm reader that follows ambulances around and sends him home to rest. Shortly afterwards, Churchman contacts Jim's father, Fred, and informs him of Molly's involvement in his son's death, then tells him to come to the police station. Before Fred could leave his home, he sees Tony approaching him and shoots him with a rifle. Tony quickly recovers and breaks Fred's neck, killing him. Knowing that they will be next, Bob and Amy decide to leave town. While at a garage getting money, Tony finds them and kills Bob by bashing his head against a car, then does the same to Amy against a door. While monitoring Tony's actions, Molly is held at gunpoint by Churchman to come with him and forced to show where Tony is going. The zombie makes his way to a cemetery with Sorrell following him. Molly and Churchman soon arrive, with both telling Sorrell that the priestess resurrected Tony to not only avenge himself, but also Molly herself as Churchman and Fred were the two that tried to rape her years ago, and that the captain was also the one who had killed Tony's father. Having learned that a zombie will lose its energy once it has avenged itself, Churchman shoots and kills Tony, then Molly as well. Before he could do the same to Sorrell to silence him as a witness, a second zombie rises out of a nearby grave and drags Churchman into the ground with him, presumably to Hell. A shocked Sorrell then inspects the grave and realizes the second zombie was Tony's father, then leaves.
Elmer's Candid Camera	American	animation	Chuck Jones	Elmer is reading a book on how to photograph wildlife. He has come to the country to photograph wildlife. As he tries to photograph Happy Rabbit, Happy finds himself a convenient victim to harass. This tormenting eventually drives Elmer insane, causing him to jump into a lake and nearly drown. Happy saves him, ensures that Elmer is perfectly all right - and promptly kicks him straight back into the lake. Then, Happy throws Elmer's How To Photograph Wildlife book on his head, thus ending the cartoon as the screen irises-out.
The Tenth Man	British	drama	Brian Desmond Hurst	George Winter (John Lodge) is a self-made businessman and M.P., who lets nothing stand in the way of his ambition. Whenever Winter meets a rival who can't be bought, he destroys them through methods both legal and underhand. His wife Catherine (Antoinette Cellier) is intent on divorce, but with the scandal potentially damaging to his election campaign, Winter blackmails her into staying with him. Then, Winter meets his 'tenth man': Jim Ford (Clifford Evans), a victim who refuses to be silenced by threat or bribery, who has the power to expose one of Winter's shady gold mine deals, and bring his house of cards crashing down.
Neevalle Neevalle	Telugu	romance	Jeeva	The film opens with two people – a man (Aravind Akash) and a woman – interviewing civilians' thoughts on love and the opposite sex. After a mixture of answers, they cease their questions and the credits roll. The credits end as a boy, after being rejected by his girlfriend, commits suicide by jumping onto a passing car. Karthik (Vinay Rai) walks off disturbed to his girlfriend Jhansi's (Sadha) office. There, he is criticized by her for his antics with other women and his lack of passion for their love. She walks off, ending their relationship. Karthik is then shown as a civil engineer in Chennai, still playful and fun-loving. Accepting a request from his manager to go on a six-month business trip to Melbourne, he bids farewell to his friends Raju (Raju Sundaram) and Sathish (Sathish Krishnan). On the plane, he encounters a playful, flirtatious girl, Deepika (Tanisha Mukherjee), whom he sits next to during the flight. After spending hours together, they become good friends and exchange details. However, by coincidence, Deepika is travelling to Melbourne to work in the same company as Jhansi, who is settled there. Together they seem to conveniently bump into Karthik at every corner, prompting an unwelcome reunion for Jhansi and Karthik. While Deepika takes a liking to Karthik, Jhansi still ignores him, even though he has ambitions of getting back together. At a restaurant, Karthik bumps into a fellow Tamilian Vaidyanathan (Srinath) and explains his love for Jhansi. The story then moves two years back for a flashback of events. Karthik had met Jhansi at a festival at a temple, where she played a prank on Karthik and his friends. Taking a liking to her, Karthik begins to follow Jhansi intentionally, hoping for her to fall in love with him. Soon after this happens, she becomes more and more suspicious of Karthik. This comes to a head when Karthik acts as the boyfriend of Raju's girlfriend Pooja, (Paloma Rao), only for Jhansi to get confused and mistake him. His reputation as a trusting boyfriend takes another turn for the worse, when at a wedding, the bride (Lekha Washington) gives him a kiss after he improvises a song. As the pair have a love-hate relationship, the break-up beckons when Jhansi sends her friend (Vasundra) undercover to go flirt with Karthik. However, he lies claiming he was at home ill, prompting Jhansi to end their relationship. At the end of the flashback, Vaidyanathan suggests to Karthik, that it's more important to move on than think regretfully, and Karthik gets over his relationship with Jhansi. However, finding out about Deepika's love towards Karthik, Jhansi becomes jealous and reinstates her love for Karthik. Soon, as she sees Deepika and Karthik's compatibility and understanding her faulty, she finally understands what went wrong in their relationship. Then, Karthik tells her through a meaningful conversation that he still loves her, not Deepika. After this, Jhansi runs away to Sydney anonymously. At the end of the film, the male interviewer who appeared at the start questions Jhansi on her decision to leave anonymously; however, she refuses to answer at first. Later, she replies that though she still loves Karthik, she was unable to understand him well. She knew it would not work out and she did not want to hurt Karthik further, thus becoming the sole reason for her departure. She then confirms that she met up with Deepika recently, and had found that she is married to Karthik and has a child. She then walks away, claiming her future lies in her own hands, and she is happy the way she is now.
The Beast of Yucca Flats	American	sci-fi	Coleman Francis	A woman (Lanell Cado) steps out of a shower and is attacked and strangled to death by a mysterious man as a clock ticks then stops. Later (or possibly before) in Yucca Flats, Nevada, Soviet scientist Joseph Javorsky (Johnson) has defected from the USSR and arrives in America with a briefcase carrying various military secrets, including the Soviet moon landing. Javorsky and his American contacts are suddenly attacked by a pair of KGB assassins (Cardoza and John Morrison) killing Javorsky's contacts and bodyguards. Javorsky flees into the desert, walking for a great distance, and the searing heat causes him to discard much of his clothing. When he wanders in range of an American nuclear test, the bewildered Russian is transformed by it into a mindless beast with an uncontrollable urge to kill. He proceeds to murder a couple in their car on a nearby road, prompting pursuit from police officers Jim Archer (Stafford) and Joe Dobson (Aten). Meanwhile, a vacationing family ventures along the same road. After stopping at a service station, the family's two young sons (Ronald and Alan Francis) wander off into the surrounding desert where they eventually encounter and escape from the mutated Javorsky. Their father (Douglas Mellor) searches for them, but is mistaken for the killer by one of the police officers, who is searching for the murderer from the air in a small plane. The officer opens fire with a high-powered rifle on the innocent man, who manages to escape. Eventually, the family is reunited and the police shoot and mortally wound Javorsky. A jackrabbit later nuzzles his dying body, and using the last of his strength, he caresses it before dying.
Gun Brothers	American	western	Sidney Salkow	Wyoming, 1879: Chad Santee, a former Cavalry sergeant, is a passenger on a stagecoach bound for Cheyenne, along with saloon singer Rose Fargo and a gambler known as Blackjack Silk. Chad is on his way to see brother Jubal's ranch for the first time. What he doesn't know is that Jubal is among masked outlaws who rob the coach. Chad intends to defend himself, but Blackjack, fearing a gunfight, knocks him cold. Rose takes umbrage, telling the gang about money Blackjack's hiding in his boot. Chad awakens to find Blackjack slapping the woman, so he flattens the gambler with a punch. A posse forms, led by Yellowstone Kelly, who used to be Chad's army commander. Yellowstone would like Chad to join him in Jackson Hole in the fur-trading business. Chad first hopes to capture the outlaws and retrieve a keepsake brooch of Rose's. Chad meets an Indian maiden named Meeteetse and treats her kindly, not knowing she's in league with the outlaws. She takes a liking to him. Chad discovers that Jubal's ranch is actually a hideout, with Shawnee Jack the gang's leader. He notices that Meeteetse has the stolen brooch and realizes Jubal is an outlaw. Shawnee now wants Chad dead for knowing too much. Chad promises not to betray his brother and Jubal vouches for Chad's honesty. The brooch is returned to Rose, but since Chad had possession of it, the law concludes that he must have been among those who stole it. Chad is placed under arrest. After finding out Chad loves Rose and has invited her to go to Jackson Hole with him, Meeteetse makes a deal with the sheriff. She will return the stolen loot if Chad is set free and Rose sent to jail. Blackjack plans to ambush Chad and is stabbed to death by Meeteetse. After a gunfight, the law realizes who the real robbers are and Chad is allowed to leave. He rides off with Rose to a new life in Jackson Hole, beginning a new trade and a family. Jubal accepts an invitation to join them. Shawnee Jack bides his time, then rides to Jackson Hole to kill Chad. He is distracted long enough by Jubal to permit Chad and Rose to remain unharmed. Jubal dies saving them, so in his honor, they name their baby girl Jubalee.
The Women	American	comedy	Diane English	Clothing designer Mary Haines lives in a beautiful suburban Connecticut home with her wealthy financier husband Steven and their 11-year-old daughter Molly. Her best friend since college, Sylvie Fowler, is the editor of a prominent fashion magazine that dictates the latest in taste and style for New York City fashionistas. When Sylvie learns Steven is involved with Crystal Allen, a perfume salesgirl in Saks Fifth Avenue, from chatty anicurist Tanya, she confides in the ever-pregnant Edie Cohen but hesitates to tell Mary, who discovers the news from the same woman after getting a manicure herself. Despite her mother Catherine's exhortation to keep quiet about what she knows, Mary confronts Crystal first, in a lingerie store, and then Steven, before asking for a divorce. Sylvie, Edie, and writer Alex Fisher join forces to support their spurned friend, but complications arise when Sylvie, facing the loss of her job, conspires with local gossip columnist Bailey Smith by confirming Mary's marital woes in exchange for Bailey contributing a celebrity profile to the magazine. Mary is stunned by Sylvie's betrayal and ends their friendship. Mary's daughter begins to ditch school and confides in Sylvie because her mother, distracted by the upheavals in her once idyllic life, becomes more distant. Mary is fired from her job by her father, has a makeover, and decides to open her own clothing design firm with some financial assistance from Catherine. As she begins to get her life in order, she makes an effort to bond with Molly, who reveals her father's relationship with Crystal is unraveling, and reunites with Sylvie, who has quit her job. With this knowledge in hand, Mary sets out to repair her fractured marriage as she prepares to unveil her new line of womenswear in a fashion show attended not only by boutique owners but the buyer from Saks as well. Sylvie tells Mary that she has met a guy and is thinking of giving him her real phone number. Edie's water breaks and she has a baby boy. Mary receives a call from her husband and is encouraged by the others to answer it; she then arranges a date with him. In the end, we see that a magazine titled Sylvie is published with the four friends on the cover and Alex's book is out. A hint is given about Crystal's possibly going out with Alex's ex-girlfriend Natasha. The women talk about the magazine, the book and the joys, heartaches and uniquely special triumphs of being a woman.
Constantine	American	horror	Francis Lawrence	God and Lucifer have a standing wager for mankind's souls. Angels and demons are forbidden to manifest on Earth; instead, their hybrid offspring influence humans. In the Mexican countryside, a scavenger named Manuel finds a spearhead wrapped in a Nazi flag at the ruins of an old church, which is later revealed as the Spear of Destiny. Manuel becomes possessed and travels to the United States. John Constantine exorcises a Filipina girl possessed by a demon trying to break through to Earth, which should not be possible under the wager's rules. He meets with the androgynous half-angel being Gabriel. He asks Gabriel for a reprieve from his impending death from lung cancer brought forth by prolonged smoking. Gabriel declines, telling Constantine that he exorcises demons for selfish reasons and can not buy his way into Heaven. After being assaulted by another demon, Constantine goes to Papa Midnite, a reputed witch doctor who runs a club serving as neutral ground where half-breeds do not have to conceal themselves. Midnite does not believe Constantine's claim of demons crossing over. Constantine leaves, after exchanging hostile words with half-demon Balthazar. Elsewhere, a woman named Isabel Dodson commits suicide in a psychiatric hospital. Her twin sister, Detective Angela Dodson, refuses to believe that Isabel, a devout Roman Catholic, would kill herself. Watching security footage of Isabel's suicide, Angela hears her say Constantine's name. Angela finds Constantine and asks him to help investigate. After they are attacked by winged demons, which Constantine believes were targeting Angela, he agrees to help. Constantine briefly transports himself to Hell through the possession of a familiar and sees Isabel damned to eternally relive her suicide. Constantine explains to Angela that he can see the true nature of the half-breeds. He attempted suicide to escape his visions but was revived by paramedics; for the sin of taking his own life (he was technically dead for 2 minutes before being revived), his soul is condemned to go to Hell once he dies. The two examine Isabel's room in the hospital and find a clue pointing to a prophecy in the Satanic Bible that Lucifer's son, Mammon, will attempt to claim Earth as his own kingdom. To do so, Mammon requires both a powerful psychic and assistance from God. Angela tells Constantine that Isabel, a clairvoyant and a psychic, was committed by her parents. Angela had the same gift but suppressed it. At Angela's insistence, Constantine reawakens her psychic ability through a near death experience. She immediately finds a clue pinpointing Balthazar as an accomplice to the plot; Constantine interrogates Balthazar, who reveals that Mammon has the Spear, stained with the blood of Christ — the assistance from God. Angela, now the psychic in place of Isabel, is abducted by an invisible entity. Constantine convinces Midnite that the demons are breaking the wager's rules. With Midnite's help, Constantine finds out how the Spear emerged and Angela's location. Constantine arms himself and goes to the hospital, accompanied by his driver and apprentice Chas Kramer. The two fight their way through an army of half-demons to exorcise Angela. Chas is killed by the invisible entity, which turns out to be Gabriel. Resenting God's favoritism towards humans, Gabriel plans to unleash Hell on Earth to weed out those deemed unworthy of God's love. Gabriel casts Constantine from the room and prepares to use the Spear to cut Mammon free from Angela. Out of options, Constantine slits his wrists. As he bleeds out, Lucifer arrives to personally collect his soul. Constantine tells Lucifer of Mammon's plan to usurp him. Confronted by Lucifer, Gabriel threatens to 'smite' him in God's honor; however, the attack towards Lucifer comes up short, revealing to both Gabriel and Lucifer that Gabriel no longer has divine protection. Lucifer proceeds to burn Gabriel's wings, making Gabriel mortal. Lucifer banishes Mammon back to Hell and grants Constantine any wish; Constantine asks that Isabel be released to Heaven. Lucifer complies but realizes too late that he cannot take Constantine to Hell as a consequence; by selflessly sacrificing himself, Constantine is granted entry to Heaven. Infuriated, Lucifer heals Constantine's injuries and cures him of his lung cancer, hoping he will eventually damn himself again. Angela and Constantine depart, leaving the now human Gabriel. Sometime later, Constantine, now making an effort to quit smoking, entrusts the Spear to Angela and visits Chas' grave, where Chas appears in an angelic form and flies away.
Penguins of Madagascar	American	animation	Eric Darnell	In Antarctica, three young penguin brothers—Skipper, Kowalski, and Rico—defy the laws of nature to save an egg the other penguins believe to be doomed. After saving it from a pack of leopard seals and accidentally setting themselves adrift on an iceberg, the egg hatches into their new member, Private. Ten years later (after the events of the previous film), the penguins decide to leave the circus to celebrate Private's birthday by breaking into the United States Gold Depository at Fort Knox in order to treat him to a discontinued snack called Cheezy Dibbles in the vending machine of their break room. Despite this, Private begins to feel out of place with the team, as he is constantly described as being the secretary/mascot. Suddenly, they are abducted by the machine and sent to Venice, Italy by Dr. Octavius Brine, a renowned geneticist who removes his human disguise and reveals he is actually an octopus named Dave, who has grown resentful of penguins after their cuteness had him shunned from every zoo and aquarium across the globe. Rico swallows Dave's collection of snowglobes along with a canister of a green substance called the Medusa Serum before the four escape and are chased through the canals and streets of Venice by Dave's henchmen. When cornered, they are rescued by a group of animals from an Arctic elite undercover interspecies task force agency called The North Wind consisting of their leader, a gray wolf whose name is classified (in which Skipper mistakenly calls him Classified throughout the film), a harp seal demolitionist named Short Fuse, a polar bear named Corporal, and an intelligent snowy owl named Eva, who Kowalski instantly falls in love with. Their mission is to help animals who can't help themselves and have been fighting Dave to protect the penguin population. At their hideout, their communication systems are hacked by Dave, who reveals that he has an enormous supply of the Medusa Serum and that he intends to capture the penguins out of every zoo he was kicked out of. Viewing the penguins as a hindrance to their mission, Classified tranquilizes the group and sends the group to their most remote base (which happens to be on Madagascar) but the penguins awaken mid-flight and crash land in the Sahara Desert before making their way to Shanghai, China, which they mistake for Dublin, Ireland. Discovering Dave's next target in Shanghai using Dave's snowglobe collection, the penguins ship themselves to their current location and make their way to the zoo. Disguising himself as a mermaid-tailed penguin (a tourist attraction) to distract Dave from his real target, Private himself is captured along with the Shanghai penguins after the North Wind arrives to put a stop to Dave's plan. The penguins take the North Wind's high-tech plane to give chase, but inadvertently self-destruct the machine. They manage to track Private to an island though, using a tracking device planted on him when Classified darted them before planting them in a flight to Madagascar. Meanwhile, on the island, Dave demonstrates his way to genetically mutate the penguins into hideous monsters as an effort to make humans disgusted by them as revenge. Skipper and Classified argue on the best means to rescue the captives and stop Dave, finally settling on Classified's plan of a frontal assault and Skipper agrees to act as a diversion. The North Wind manages to corner Dave in his lair only to be captured by Dave's henchmen as well as the other penguins. Dave demonstrates his mutation ray at full power on Private, apparently disintegrating him with the beam, but unbeknownst to them he escapes at the last minute by using a paper clip he swallowed earlier. Private rescues the North Wind members, who want to regroup due to lack of equipment, but Private, not wanting to leave anyone behind goes to stop Dave. As Dave's submarine docks at New York with the promise of returning the penguins he found to the zoo, he turns the ray on the rest of the penguins, mutating them all into hideous monsters. The city erupts into chaos as the brainwashed, mutated penguins run amok on the terrified human crowd. Getting Skipper, Kowalski and Rico back to their senses, Private decides to connect himself into the ray to return them to normal. After fending off more of Dave's henchmen, they manage to turn all the penguins back to normal in one huge blast. Private is left partially mutated from the machine while the rest of the penguins are restored to normal. Despite his strange new look, the Penguins show their gratitude and new-found respect for Private. Dave (who was caught in the blast) has been turned into a pipsqueak version of himself and is trapped in a snow globe where he is admired by a little girl. Finally seeing one another as equals, Classified promises to grant the Penguins anything they want. In addition to Kowalski getting a kiss from Eva, the Penguins are given their own jet packs and they then fly off above the clouds looking for their next adventure. In a mid-credits scene, the Penguins return to the circus and plug Mort into the ray and use him to revert Private back to normal. Mort does not appear to show any side effects from the ray until he manages to swallow King Julien whole, much to King Julien's delight.
Ilavattam	Tamil	romance	A. R. Raviraja	The movie begins with Suhasini who awards Cheenu and asks him to share his story of success with everybody. Cheenu(Navdeep) is an honest and studious village guy who hails from a poor farmer's family. Despite his friends attempt to sway him towards the lusty distractions of adolescence he stands his ground and tries to persuade them to follow his path. Lakshmi (Sheela) is the second daughter of a zameendar also from the same village who studies at the same college as Cheenu. Despite their hatred for each other at the beginning they end up falling for each other after a lot of melodrama. Lakshmi’s brother-in-law (her elder sister’s husband) Prithviraj lusts for her and tries to inherit their fortune by marrying both the zammendar’s daughters. He tries to beat Cheenu to death when everybody finds about their love affair. In an attempt to escape Prithviraj, the couple seeks protection from their district’s Collector Suhasini who assures them that she would help them get married to each other after they finish their education. The movie ends with a tedious action episode between Cheenu and Prithviraj and the title rolls.
The Scarlet Claw	American	crime	Roy William Neill	Holmes and Watson are in Canada attending a conference on the occult, when Lord Penrose receives a message that his wife Lady Penrose has been murdered in the small village of La Mort Rouge.[2] Holmes and Watson are about to return to England when Holmes receives a telegram from Lady Penrose, issued before her death, asking for help as she fears for her life. Holmes decides to investigate her death. Holmes and Watson arrive at the village and discover that the inhabitants are all convinced that the murder is the work of the legendary monster of La Mort Rouge, which roams the marshes around the village. The monster is even later seen by Dr. Watson, who describes it as a ball of fire spitting flames in each direction. Holmes, however, is skeptical, and recognizes Lady Penrose as Lillian Gentry, a former actress, who was involved in a famous murder case several years before when actor Alistair Ramson killed another actor in a jealous rage over her. Ramson was believed to have been killed in a prison escape two years before, but now Holmes believes that Ramson - a master of disguise - is living in the village, having created a new identity, perhaps several, for himself. Holmes then turns his attention to Judge Brisson, another inhabitant of the village with a connection to the case, as he passed sentence on Ramson. Despite Holmes' warnings Brisson is murdered. Holmes tracks Ramson down to his hideout and discovers there is a third person that Ramson is preparing to kill. However before Holmes can discover who it is, Watson blunders in and Ramsom escapes. Holmes learns that the third victim is to be Journet, the local inn-keeper, formerly a prison guard. However Journet has gone into hiding. Ramson then kills Marie, Journet's daughter, for not revealing her father's hideout. Holmes finds Journet and convinces him to spring a trap for the murderer. Holmes and Watson announce that they are returning to England, and Journet comes out of hiding and lets it be known that he will be going to a church across the marsh to offer a prayer for Marie. Ramson attacks Journet out in the marsh, only to find that it is Holmes disguised as Journet. The two men struggle, but Ramson escapes only to be killed by Journet with his own weapon, a five-pronged garden weeder.[3]
Mother Riley Meets the Vampire	British	comedy	John Gilling	Von Housen seeks to dominate the world from his headquarters in London with an army of 50,000 radar-controlled robots that are powered by uranium. He believes himself to be a vampire and has several young women abducted, most recently Julia Loretti, who has a map to a uranium mine that he needs for his robot army. At the moment, Von Housen only has one functional robot which is supposed to be shipped to him but, through a mistake, is shipped to Old Mother Riley's store instead, with Mother Riley's package sent to Von Housen. Seeing Mother Riley's address in the label, Von Housen sends his robot to abduct Mother Riley and take her to his headquarters.
Kusum Kusum Prem	Bangladeshi	romance	Mushfiqur Rahman Guljar	Kusum Kusum Prem, portraying life of a destitute woman namely Kusum.[3]
Girl of the Port	American	romance	Bert Glennon	Jim, a British Lord, suffers from pyrophobia, a fear of fire, which he developed during the war. Unable to cope with his condition, he flees civilization, coming to rest in the island paradise of Suva, in Fiji. As he is attempting to drink himself into forgetfulness, he meets Josie, who is a showgirl stranded on the island. Josie had become friends with Kalita, who talked the owner of the bar into giving Josie a job. It is in the bar where Jim and Josie meet, and the two develop a liking for one another, which causes McEwen, the local heavy to become jealous. After McEwen challenges Jim to a fight, which Jim backs away from, causing those around him to believe he has a cowardly streak. Josie, however, continues to believe in him. McEwen steps up his animosity towards Jim, taunting him into following McEwen to the nearby island of Benga, where McEwen intends to force Jim to participate in the local custom of fire-walking. Jim, forced to confront his fear, overcomes it, and passes through the fire pit, after which he defeats McEwen in a fight, and ends up with Josie.
Monument Ave.	American	crime	Ted Demme	Bobby mentors his young cousin, Seamus (Jason Barry), into a life of drugs and crime soon after Seamus emigrates from Dublin, Ireland. Bright, conscientious, but notably naive, Seamus finds himself unable to get used to the spontaneous dangers and recklessness of his new life in America. After two particularly traumatic incidents, Seamus is afraid of further involving himself with Bobby and Bobby's circle of criminal friends. Seamus tells Bobby he wants to return Dublin, and the two argue after Seamus blames Bobby for dragging him into a dangerous and damaging lifestyle he never wanted. Seamus is killed soon afterward when crime boss, Jackie O'Hara (Colm Meaney), mistakenly believes Seamus told police about O'Hara's criminal operations and an earlier hit that had been ordered against Bobby and Seamus' cousin Teddy (Billy Crudup) – who had made a deal with police in order to reduce a sentence he'd already been serving.
The Darwin Awards	American	comedy	Finn Taylor	The film opens with a car with a JATO rocket strapped to it. The movie then shifts to Michael Burrows, a criminal profiler for the San Francisco Police Department. Shot in documentary style, the film is ostensibly a dissertation by a film school grad that follows Michael throughout the story. Fired from the police force after his hematophobia allows a serial killer to get away, Michael wallows in a deep depression for several weeks before coming up with a way to combine his Darwin Awards obsession with his talent for profiling. He will help insurance companies detect people more likely to accidentally end their own lives, so they are not sold insurance policies. After impressing an insurance company manager with his profiling talent, Michael is paired up with Siri, a specialist in strange insurance cases. Siri and Michael travel the country on behalf of the company, investigating several legendary examples of stupidity, such as the JATO rocket car. A pair of men attempting to ice fish become frustrated and use a stick of dynamite to blast a hole in the ice. The problem is their dog plays fetch with the lit dynamite and runs it back to their brand-new SUV. As they investigate the cases, Michael tries to pinpoint a common factor for these people. The only explanation is a confused monologue by Siri about insurance companies always denying claims and driving people insane. Michael narrowly avoids becoming a Darwin Award winner throughout the movie. He and Siri are stranded in the middle of nowhere on a cold night. Desperate for warmth, he attempts to start a fire with gasoline, causing his car to explode. Siri later confronts Michael, accusing him of being obsessed with the Darwin Awards. A twist of fate leads to Michael discovering where the murder suspect he originally allowed to escape now lives, as he videotapes the man in his home by rappelling down the side of the building. The film school student is seen for the first time as he, too, is hanging on the side of the building. The problem is his rope is the other end of the same one Michael is dangling by. The stone vase on the roof that the pair is anchored to starts inching closer to the edge. At the same time the serial killer taunts them while slicing open the captive Siri's hand, hoping to trigger Michael's hematophobia. But Michael is able to overcome his fear and defeats the serial killer.
Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola	Bollywood	comedy	Vishal Bhardwaj	The film tells the story of three individuals, Harphool Singh Mandola a.k.a. Harry (Pankaj Kapur), his daughter Bijlee Mandola (Anushka Sharma) and Hukum Singh Matru (Imran Khan) known in short as 'Matru'. Harry is a wealthy, cynical businessman who dreams of turning the Mandola village (named after his family) into a shining example of his success and a microcosm of a fledgeling economy in itself. But this dream can only be realised if the villagers agree to sell their land to the government at unfairly low rates in order for the land to be converted into a Special Economic Zone. Among many vices, a vice relevant to the plot, is Harry's drinking. He is normally a shrewd, sophisticated and composed individual, but whenever drunk, he turns into an advocate of equality and betterment of the villagers, but regrets these thoughts when sober. When he chooses not to drink he hallucinates, as a withdrawal symptom, about a pink buffalo 'Gulabo', the mascot of the brand of alcohol he enjoys. The knowledge of these hallucinations are later used by Matru as a ploy to get Harry drunk in order to serve his own plans. Bijlee Mandola is the only child of Harry Mandola. She lost her mother when she was young and now lives in Mandola village after having received a higher education in New Delhi and later in Oxford, England. Bijlee is now in love with Baadal (Arya Babbar), the son of politician Chaudhari Devi (Shabana Azmi) and is all set to marry him. Chaudhari Devi is a corrupt politician who, along with her obedients, is helping Harry realise his dream. Baadal and Bijlee's union is strategically apt as it serves Harry's and Chaudhari Devi's personal goals. While Chaudhari Devi conspires to control Harry's wealth by marrying her son to his daughter, Harry seeks Chaudhari Devi's help in realising his dream in exchange for their children's marriage. Matru is a revolutionary, fighting for the villagers' cause of not letting their land being taken away. He is educated in Law from JNU, holds a job as Harry's driver and is responsible for regulating Harry's drinking. Matru's revolutionary instincts are shown to be significantly influenced by those of Mao Tse Tung. The film starts with a negotiation at a liquor shop set in crop laden fields, between the liquor shop owner and a heavily drunk Harry. The shop owner's rude refusal to sell alcohol to Harry due to the day being a dry day, provokes Harry to run his Limousine into the shop. Once drunk, Harry is shown to be an entirely different individual, who wants the land of the villagers to be returned to them, Matru to marry Bijlee while himself to retire into a religious man. The villagers, in their fight are supported and advised by Mao who regularly sends messages to the villagers, written on cloth. Later in the film it is revealed that Mao is none other than Matru who is advising the villagers without revealing himself in order to retain the key position as Harry's aide. Bijlee's love for Baadal is depicted to be a contradiction to her subtle, probably subconscious, knowledge of Baadal's incompatibility with her. This subtle thought aggravated by Baadal's affiliation and deeds supporting his mother's corrupt cause, overpowers Bijlee's will to marry him and polarises her into helping Matru and the villagers instead. After this polarisation, seeing Chaudhari Devi and Baadal's ambitions in a new light and while helping the villagers along with Matru, Bijlee falls in love with Matru. Although they have the help of Matru, his college friends and Bijlee, the villagers lose their entire harvest to an unexpected rain storm. This harvest, which would have fetched enough money to settle their debts to the government bank and some more for their own survival, is now completely destroyed. Thus the villagers are forced to surrender their land, against their will, to the government in order to settle their debts. Later, discovering Bijlee's alliance with the villagers, Chaudhari Devi, now cautious, decides to finalise the decree to convert the now acquired land into an SEZ only once Bijlee and Baadal are married. These conflicts of villagers' loss of their lands, Bijlee's marriage to Baadal, builds up the tension leading up to the wedding at the climax wherein Matru and the villagers have a plan to get Harry drunk who will then call off the wedding. This plan apparently works and Harry is shown to be drunk, succumbing to Matru and the villagers' plan. Now, while drunk, he enters the wedding venue, calls off the wedding, chases away Chaudhari Devi, Baadal and their supporters and decides to get Bijlee and Matru married. Consequently, upon refusal by Matru on the pretext that Harry will not feel the same way about him and Bijlee when sober, Harry, to everyone's surprise, reveals that since he had sworn on Bijlee to not consume even a drop of alcohol has stood by his word, in turn revealing that while he did all that he did appearing to be drunk, he was completely sober instead.
Chopping Mall	American	horror	Jim Wynorski	Park Plaza Mall has just installed a state-of-the-art security system, including shutters across all exits and three high-tech robots programmed to disable and apprehend thieves using tasers and tranquilizer guns. Four couples: Rick and Linda, Greg and Suzie, Mike and Leslie, Ferdy and Allison, decide to have a party in one of the furniture stores where three of them work. After hours, all of them (except Allison and Ferdy) begin to have sex, drink, and party inside the furniture store. Outside, a lightning storm strikes the mall several times and damages the computer controlling the security robots, leading to them killing the technicians and a janitor before starting their routine patrol. Mike and Leslie get killed as they leave the store, and the others separate after witnessing this. The men break into a sporting-goods store to arm themselves with firearms, the girls take gasoline and flares from an automotive store. Using a propane tank, the men blow up and seemingly destroy a robot. While the men set up the elevator as a booby trap, the robots ambush the girls and ignite Suzie by shooting her gasoline can, killing her. Greg unsuccessfully shoots them before Rick drags him away. The teenagers regroup and rig the elevator trap on the second robot, destroying it. They then hide in the restaurant where Allison works. Inside, Greg confronts Allison and Linda about leaving the air ducts and exhibits rage due to Suzie's death, pulling his gun on Ferdy when he intercedes on Allison and Linda's behalf. Rick tries to calm him down, and Ferdy suggests destroying the robot's main control center in hopes of shutting them all down. The group agrees and heads to the control center on the third floor. The robot throws Greg over the railing and he falls to his death. On the run, the four remaining survivors, Allison, Ferdy, Rick, and Linda also find the first robot recovered after its earlier defeat. They take refuge inside a department store and set up mannequins to confuse the robots. Their plan works as the robots fire at the dummies and one of them blinds itself with its own reflected laser. However, the blind robot kills Linda and an enraged Rick rams a golf cart into it. A bolt of electricity kills him, but his attempts successfully destroy the robot. As the final robot corners Allison, Ferdy rescues her and shoots it point-blank, damaging its laser just before he falls unconscious. Despite an injured leg, Allison escapes into the paint store and sets up a trap by mixing paint and chemicals. She lures the robot inside, where it gets stuck for failing to find traction on the spilled paint and thinners. She tosses a flare into the store, igniting the chemicals and finally destroys the robot. As daylight appears, Allison leaves the store and Ferdy awakens. The two remain the only survivors. In a post-credits scene, a robot rolls up to the camera and says Thank you, have a nice day.
Crash Drive	British	drama	Max Varnel	Paul Dixon is an international racing driver severely depressed after being paralysed from the waist down in a crash. He seems to have lost everything, including his will to live. His estranged wife Ann returns to him in the wake of the accident and attempts to cure him of his despair.[3]
Frightmare	British	horror	Pete Walker	In an isolated farmhouse, a woman named Dorothy Yates lives with her husband. Dorothy has just been released from a mental institution after it was found she was a cannibal who killed and partially ate at least six people in 1957. Her husband, Edmund Yates was convicted as well but we come to find out that he only faked his dementia in order to remain with his wife. He was a truly devoted husband who loved his wife dearly but really had nothing to do with the actual murders in 1957 and in the present. Now it is 1974 it seems as if Dorothy has had a severe relapse. She secretly lures lonely young people to her Haslemere, Surrey home, promising tea and a tarot card reading, only with the session ending with a violent murder and feast. Jackie, (Edmund's daughter by previous marriage) began to suspect her stepmum, Dorothy, rather early in the film and juggles her family ties while at the same time, trying to control her stepsister, Debbie (Dorothy's actual daughter that she and Edmund had shortly before being committed to the asylum). Debbie rides with a violent bike gang and has apparently inherited her mum's appetite for human flesh herself. Debbie became involved in a fight with her boyfriend and a barman after closing time near one of London's hip nightclubs. The bike gang leave when spotted by customers but Debbie hid the body in a car shelter before the police arrived. Debbie has severe arguments with Jackie about where Jackie goes at night. She learns (offscreen) that Jackie has been visiting her parents in Haslemere. Debbie finds out where they live and she and boyfriend (Alex) flee to the countryside home to be reunited with mum and dad. They are a family again and plan to plot against Jackie, who kept Debbie from them.
Tunes of Glory	British	drama	Ronald Neame	The film opens in a Battalion officers' mess of an unnamed Highland Regiment in the early post-war era. Major Jock Sinclair (Alec Guinness) announces that this will be his last day as commanding officer. Sinclair, who had been in command since the battalion's colonel was killed in action during the North African campaign during the Second World War, is to be replaced by Lieutenant Colonel Basil Barrow (John Mills). Although Major Sinclair led the battalion throughout the remainder of the war, Brigade HQ considered Barrow to be a more appropriate peacetime commanding officer. Barrow arrives early and observes the battalion's officers (including Sinclair) dancing rowdily. Barrow and Sinclair briefly swap their respective military backgrounds. Sinclair joined the regiment as an enlisted bandsman and rose through the ranks, winning the Military Medal and Distinguished Service Order during the war. Barrow by contrast came to the regiment directly from Oxford University, his ancestors having been colonels of the regiment before him – although he served only for a year with the regiment back in 1933 before being posted to special duties. When Sinclair humorously tells of the time he was briefly thrown in Barlinnie Prison for being drunk and disorderly (also in 1933), Barrow rather reticently mentions his experience as a prisoner in a Japanese POW camp. Sinclair dismissively assumes Barrow received preferential treatment being an officer (officer's privileges and amateur theatricals) and sat out the war, but in fact Barrow is deeply psychologically scarred after being tortured by the Japanese but does not tell Sinclair who not-so-privately resents the fact that he is being replaced by a stupid wee man. Meanwhile Morag (Susannah York), Sinclair's daughter, is observed illicitly meeting an enlisted piper (John Fraser). Barrow immediately passes several orders designed to instil discipline in the battalion that Sinclair had allowed to slip. Particularly controversial is an order that all officers take lessons in Highland dancing in an effort to make their customary rowdy style more formal and suitable for mixed company. However the unchanged energetic dancing of the officers, led by a drunken Sinclair at Barrow's first cocktail party with the townspeople, incites his anger. An outburst by Barrow only further damages his own authority. Tensions come to a head when Major Sinclair publicly assaults the uniformed piper he discovers with his daughter – bashing a corporal as he put it. Barrow decides an official report must be made, meaning an imminent court-martial, even though he is aware the action will further erode his popularity and authority within the battalion. Barrow is eventually persuaded to back down by Sinclair, who promises Barrow that Sinclair will support him in the future (We'd make a good team.). The decision further undermines his authority, as Sinclair's promised support never materializes, and the other officers, notably Captain Alec Rattray (Richard Leech), treat him with a renewed lack of respect. The second in command, Major Charlie Scott, with glacial cruelty, implies that it is Sinclair who is really running the battalion, because he forced Barrow to dismiss the charges against him. Alienated now from both Sinclair's clique and the officers who formerly supported him, Barrow commits suicide. With the colonel's death, Sinclair realises he is to blame. He calls the officers to a meeting and announces plans for a grandiose funeral fit for a field marshal, complete with a march through the town in which all the tunes of glory will be played by the pipers. When it is pointed out how out disproportionate the plans are to the circumstances, especially given the manner of the colonel's death, Sinclair insists that it was not suicide but murder. He tells everyone he himself was the murderer and the other senior officers were his accomplices with the exception of the colonel's adjutant. Sinclair suffers a nervous breakdown and is escorted from the barracks while the officers and men salute as he passes during the closing scene.
Rawhead Rex	British	horror	George Pavlou	Howard Hallenbeck (David Dukes) travels to Ireland to research items of religious significance. He goes to a rural church to photograph some graves. Meanwhile, three farmers are attempting to remove an ominous stone column from a field. Two of the farmers head home. A thunderstorm appears out of nowhere, and smoke pours from the ground. Lightning strikes the column. The monster Rawhead Rex rises from the dirt. Howard meets Declan O'Brien (Ronan Wilmot), who directs him to Reverend Coot. The curious O'Brien approaches the altar and places his hand on it. Images flash before his eyes. This experience apparently destroys O'Brien's sanity. Afterwards, Howard inquires about the church's parish records. Coot says he can arrange to have Howard look at them. Later, a man arrives at the home of locals Dennis and Jenny. He discovers a clearly traumatized Jenny. Police arrive. Rawhead drags Dennis's dead body through the forest and comes upon a trailer park. A teenager named Andy Johnson is trying to make out with his girlfriend. The two teens head into the woods. Soon after, Howard sees Rawhead on top of a distant hill with Andy's head in his hand. Afterwards, Howard speaks again with Coot, who tells him the church's parish records have been stolen. Declan O'Brien destroys his camera. He takes his family on the road again. On the road, Howard's daughter needs to go to the bathroom, so Howard pulls over and lets her go by a tree. Hearing her suddenly scream, Howard and his wife rush to her; Howard's son stays in the van, alone. Rawhead kills Howard's son and takes the body into the woods. Infuriated by the police's unsuccessful efforts to track down Rawhead, Howard returns to the church. He discovers that there is a weapon shown in the stained glass window that can be used to defeat the monster. After Howard leaves, Coot curiously touches the altar but resists the temptations and images it shows him. Rawhead arrives at the church to baptize O'Brien by urinating on him. A bewildered Coot goes outside to investigate the noise and sees Rawhead. Horrified, Coot flees inside the church and into the basement while Rawhead destroys everything inside. Coot finds the missing parish records, showing what appears to be some kind of blueprint of Rawhead himself. The insane O'Brien catches Coot and forces him upstairs to be sacrificed to Rawhead. The police arrive at the church and prepare to open fire on Rawhead, but they hesitate because he is carrying Coot. The brainwashed inspector dumps gasoline around the police cars and ignites it just as they begin to shoot at Rawhead, killing all the police, including himself. Howard leaves his wife and daughter and goes back to the church where a dying Coot tells him that Rawhead is afraid of something in the altar. Howard goes inside where O'Brian is burning books and is overpowered by Howard. Howard, by using a candle stick, opens the altar and gets to the weapon. O'Brian retreats to Rawhead to tell him, leaving Rawhead displeased. Howard tries to use the weapon, but has no effect. In anger, Rawhead kills O'Brian by tearing out his throat, with Howard's wife watching in terror. As Rawhead tries to kill Howard, his wife picks up the weapon, it activates, stopping Rawhead from killing Howard. A ray of light comes out of the weapon and hits Rawhead, hurting him. Howard realizes that it has to be a woman for it to work. Then the form of a woman appears from the stone and shoots electric rays through the stones and into Rawhead's body, knocking him to the ground. After a few more blasts, Rawhead is drained and weakened to the point where he has no hair, has aged, and is ill and dying. Finally he falls through the ground with Howard's wife dropping the weapon in with him. Rawhead is smashed under giant stones and finished. Both Howard and his wife cry in light of it being over. In the end, the boy from the trailer park places flowers on Andy Johnson's grave. As he walks away, Rawhead emerges from the ground and roars.
Frontier Gal	American	western	Charles Lamont	Johnny Hart heads for Red Gulch, looking for the mystery man who murdered his partner. He quickly meets Lorena Dumont, a beautiful barkeep who is loved by Blackie, a jealous crook who doesn't like her interest in Johnny one bit. After he resists her seduction by saying he has another girl back home, Johnny is forced to wed an angry Lorena at gunpoint. She then turns him over to the sheriff after learning that Johnny is a wanted fugitive with a price on his head. He escapes, spends a night of passion with Lorena, then is recaptured by the law. Six years in prison later, Johnny returns to Red Gulch seeking revenge. He now knows Blackie's the one who killed his partner. Johnny's former girlfriend is summoned to meet him, but it turns out he fathered a child with Lorena who's now five years old. Blackie takes the little girl hostage, but Johnny kills him and reunites a grateful Lorena with their little girl.
Two Countries	Malayalam	comedy	Shafi	The plot of the film revolves around Ullas (Dileep), a cunning procrastinator in his late 30s who makes a living by deceiving people in his hometown. Money is the only motivator that works for him and he wants it without any risks. For making money he decides to marry a disabled women, Simran. But when better proposal comes from an Indo-Canadian Malayali woman Laya, he chooses that. Immigration to Canada and easy money allures him. Only later does Ullas comes to the knowledge that Laya is a chronic alcoholic. The knowledge of funds deposited in her name, that Laya cannot claim due to her alcoholism, and the possibility of access entices him however and he adjusts with the troubles. In time Ullas falls in love with his alcoholic wife, and the call of a husband makes him care for Laya even in troubles. Laya comes to knowledge about Ullas's original plan through Avinash, Ullas's friend, accidentally. This leads to a divorce case. Initially Ullas gains the upper hand from the court, citing his wife is an alcoholic and she needs treatment and that the divorce case is resistance towards it. Laya gets treated through a de-addiction center. By the guidance of the doctor, Ullas goes with the divorce process to help Laya. Ullas returns and decides to marry Simran. Later Laya understands about the role of Ullas for her wellness, through certain unexpected turn of events they become together again.
Nadodimannan	Malayalam	romance	Viji Thampi	In Nadodimannan, Padmanabhan Dileep plays a village youth who does not have a particular inclination towards any political party and joins any protest being held. He earns a living by participating in demonstrations for various political parties. He then reaches the city where he is strung to the upper levels of society and gets elected as the Mayor. His conflicts and attempts to cleanse the city form the rest of the story. Ananya plays the character of Meera, who lives in difficult surroundings, but is bold. Archana Kavi plays Aathira, a member of a former royal family, Mythili stars as Rima, a broadcast journalist Padmanabhan befriends during his activist days, who helps him bring to light certain crucial issues before the public. Bollywood actor Sayaji Shinde plays the local king pin who is at odds with Padmanabhan.
Rakht: What If You Can See the Future	Bollywood	horror	Mahesh Manjrekar	The story is about a young widow named Drishti Nair (Bipasha Basu). She is a psychic and has the gift of seeing into the future of anybody. After her break up with boyfriend Manav (Abhishek Bachchan) who truly loved her but had to move away to a different city, Drishti moves to a small remote village, where she meets Mohit (Sunil Shetty), an eccentric car mechanic who needs psychiatric treatment due to years of abuse at the hands of his father. Mohit has a crush on Drishti, which Drishti is unaware of. She performs the job of Tarot card reading to locals, one of her customers being Rhea Trehan (Neha Dhupia). Rhea is a young woman who is repeatedly beaten up by her husband Sunny (Dino Morea). Rhea pleads for help to Drishti, when Drishti agrees to help her. Until, Drishti's son coming home from school one day and is harassed by Sunny, who calls Drishti a witch. Sunny tells her son to stay away from his mother. Sunny also breaks into their house and threatens Drishti to stay out of Rhea's life. When Mohit investigates that Drishti is being troubled by Sunny, the two enter a violent confrontation. After the brawl, Sunny is seen nowhere near Drishti. Drishti is living happily, until one day, the daughter of Mayor Raja Bahadur Singh (Sharat Saxena), Natasha (Amrita Arora), suddenly goes missing. Her fiancé Rahul (Sanjay Dutt) comes to Drishti and asks her for her help to find Natasha. Since Rahul is Drishti's son's school principal, she accepts. Soon enough, Drishti sees a vision of Natasha hung to her death opposite a river. Drishti informs Rahul, and the police finally find Natasha's dead body. On top of this, it turns out that Sunny owns the river opposite to Natasha's death place. Sunny is then arrested, and the case of Natasha's murder is handed to ACP Ranbir Singh (Rajat Bedi) who does not believe in Drishti's gift, and also believes that Sunny is innocent, and the actual murderer is still free. And finally it is known that Rahul is the real murderer.
Romantic Heaven	South_Korean	drama	Unknown	Three seemingly disconnected people cross paths at a hospital: Part one, Mom, focuses on the character of Mimi, whose mother is battling cancer, and needs a bone marrow transplant if she is to have any hope of surviving. With great difficulty, doctors identify a potential donor, but then the man goes into flight after being accused of murder. Hoping to find him, Mimi becomes acquainted with the police detectives assigned to his case. Part two, Wife, concerns a lawyer named Min-gyu who has recently lost his spouse. Amidst his grief, he is distracted by the fact that he can't find a bag that she had brought with her to the hospital, and which contained her personal diary. In the meantime, he is visited by an ex-convict who has a score to settle. Part three, Girl, focuses on Ji-wook, a taxi driver whose grandfather is on the verge of death. One day his grandmother tells him that for all of his life, her husband has been unable to forget a young woman he met in his youth. It is in part four, Romantic Heaven, that the various threads are brought together and ultimately resolved. As fate would have it, their counterparts are gazing down upon their loved ones from heaven, dealing with their own version of remorse and regret.[4][6][7]
Faithful in My Fashion	American	romance	Sidney Salkow	Jeff (Tom Drake) arrives home to New York City after being away in the Navy for several years. Unaware that his fiancée, Jean (Donna Reed), is now dating a man (Warner Anderson) at the department store where she works, Jeff assumes she is still intends to marry him. In order to save Jeff from heartache, several employees at Jean's store set up a ruse to keep Jeff unaware of Jean's new man until he is deployed again. Jean cooperates with the ruse, but it isn't long before secrets get revealed.
Live Free or Die Hard	American	action	Len Wiseman	The FBI responds to a brief computer outage at its Cyber-Security Division by tracking down top computer hackers who had been on a watch list, finding several of them have been killed. The FBI asks New York City Police Department detective John McClane to bring in Matthew Matt Farrell, one of the targeted hackers who had been put on the watch list. McClane arrives just in time to save Farrell from assassins working for Mai Linh, who works for her boss and love interest, Thomas Gabriel. En route to Washington, D.C., with McClane, Farrell reveals that he had been contacted by Mai, under the guise that she was working for corporate security, and that she had paid him a large sum of money to write an algorithm that could crack a specific security system for white hat purposes. Meanwhile, Gabriel orders his own crew of hackers to take control of the transportation grids and stock market, while nationally broadcasting a message threatening the United States. Farrell recognizes this as the start of a fire sale, an attack designed to target the nation's infrastructure that is reliant on computerized systems. McClane and Farrell are driven to the FBI headquarters, but Mai poses as a dispatcher and reroutes the convoy into the path of an assault helicopter. McClane manages to fend off the attackers and destroy the helicopter. Gabriel initiates a second broadcast by showing a simulated explosion of the U.S. Capitol building, causing a public panic. Farrell guesses that his next target is likely the power grid, and the two drive to a utility superstation in West Virginia. They find a team led by Mai taking over the station. McClane manages to kill all of them, including Mai. He obtains video footage of Gabriel which he relays to the FBI. Enraged over Mai's death, Gabriel seizes control of the natural gas distribution system and redirects all of the gas into the station. McClane and Farrell escape before the station explodes, leaving much of the eastern seaboard of the United States and Canada without power. Farrell takes McClane to fellow hacker Frederick Warlock Kaludis. Running several generators to keep his computer systems online, Warlock identifies the piece of code Farrell wrote as a means to access data at a master Social Security Administration building at Woodlawn, Maryland. They realize the building is actually a NSA facility intended to backup the nation's entire personal and financial records in the event of a cyber attack, designed by Gabriel himself when he worked for the NSA. Warlock tells McClane and Matt that Gabriel is an extremely talented programmer and top security expert for the U.S. Department of Defense. Gabriel tried to alert the political and military leadership to critical weaknesses that made America's network infrastructure vulnerable to cyberwarfare, but his unorthodox methods led to his dismissal. Warlock runs a traceroute and manages to identify Gabriel's location, but Gabriel detects the intrusion. Gabriel taps into their connection and reveals that he has located McClane's estranged daughter, Lucy, and intends to kidnap her. McClane and Farrell race to the Woodlawn facility, where Farrell discovers that Gabriel's men are downloading all the information. He manages to encrypt the data just in time before he is captured. Gabriel kidnaps Farrell and takes him as well as Lucy, who had been kidnapped earlier, with him as his team flees from Woodlawn. McClane pursues Gabriel, hijacking his semi and enlisting Warlock to trace Gabriel's vehicle. Gabriel accesses the communication system of a U.S. Marine Corps F-35B Lightning II and, impersonating an air traffic controller, orders the pilot to attack the truck McClane is driving. McClane barely escapes, then makes his way to a nearby warehouse where Warlock has tracked Gabriel. There, Gabriel is installing the remaining files and holding Lucy and Farrell. Although McClane kills most of Gabriel's remaining henchmen, Emerson shoots him in the right shoulder. While Gabriel holds McClane at gunpoint from behind, McClane manages to shoot Gabriel's weapon through his own shoulder and kill Gabriel. Farrell then kills Emerson. An FBI tactical response team arrives and secures the scene. Afterwards, McClane tries to discourage the romantic feelings developing between Farrell and Lucy.
Crook's Tour	British	comedy	John Baxter	Charters (Basil Radford) and Caldicott (Naunton Wayne) are touring the Middle East. After visiting Saudi Arabia they find themselves in Baghdad where they are mistaken by a group of German spies for the messengers who are to carry a song record by beautiful singer La Palermo (Greta Gynt) which contains secret instructions of the German Intelligence. Realizing their error, the German spies follow Charters and Caldicott to Istanbul and Budapest, trying to eliminate them and retrieve the record.
The Last Days of Frankie the Fly	American	crime	Peter Markle	Frankie (Dennis Hopper) is a leg man for the mob, and works for Sal (Michael Madsen) and his sidekick, Vic (Dayton Callie). Frankie goes to the set of a porno one day, directed by his friend Joey (Kiefer Sutherland), a NYU film school graduate who owes Sal money. Frankie immediately becomes infatuated with Margaret (Daryl Hannah), a former junkie who wants to become a serious actress. Once a good girl who came to Los Angeles to pursue an acting career, tough situations led her to do drugs and prostitution. Frankie becomes fixated on saving Margaret from the path she's on and keeping her from Sal.[1]
Rambo III	American	action	Sylvester Stallone	Colonel Sam Trautman visits his old friend and ally John Rambo in Thailand. He explains that he is putting together a mercenary team for a CIA-sponsored mission to supply anti-Soviet fighters in Afghanistan. Despite being shown photos of civilians suffering at the hands of the Soviet military, Rambo refuses to join, as he is tired of fighting. Trautman proceeds anyway and is ambushed by enemy forces near the border, resulting in all of his men being killed. Trautman is captured and sent to a large mountain base to be interrogated by Soviet Colonel Zaysen and his henchman Sergeant Kourov. Embassy official Robert Griggs informs Rambo of Trautman's capture but refuses to approve a rescue mission for fear of drawing the United States into the war. Aware that Trautman will die otherwise, Rambo gets permission to undertake a solo rescue on the condition that he will be disavowed in the event of capture or death. Rambo immediately flies to Peshawar, Pakistan, where he intends to convince arms dealer Mousa Ghani to bring him to Khost, the town closest to the Soviet base where Trautman is held captive. The Mujahideen in the village, led by chieftain Masoud, hesitate to help Rambo free Trautman. Meanwhile, a Soviet informant in Ghani's employ informs the Russians, who send two attack helicopters to destroy the village. Though Rambo manages to destroy one of them with a turret, the rebels refuse to aid him any further. Aided only by Mousa and a young boy named Hamid, Rambo attacks the base and inflicts significant damage before being forced to retreat. Hamid, as well as Rambo, are wounded during the battle and Rambo sends him and Mousa away before resuming his infiltration. Skillfully evading base security, Rambo reaches Trautman just as he is about to be tortured with a flamethrower. He and Trautman rescue several other prisoners and hijack a Hind helicopter to escape the base. The helicopter is damaged during takeoff and quickly crashes, forcing the escapees to flee across the sand on foot. An attack chopper pursues Rambo and Trautman to a nearby cave, where Rambo destroys it with an explosive arrow. A furious Zaysen sends commandos under Kourov to kill them, but they are quickly routed and killed. An injured Kourov attacks Rambo with his bare hands, but is overcome and killed. As Rambo and Trautman make their way to the Pakistani border, Zaysen and his forces surround them. But before the duo are overwhelmed, Masoud's Mujahideen forces attack the Soviets in a surprise cavalry charge. Despite being wounded, Rambo takes control of a tank and uses it to attack Zaysen's chopper head-on; the two vehicles collide, but Rambo survives. At the end of the battle, Rambo and Trautman say goodbye to the Mujahideen and leave Afghanistan.
Enter the Ninja	American	action	Menahem Golan	Cole, a veteran of the Angolan Bush War, completes his ninjutsu training in Japan. Cole goes to visit his war buddy Frank Landers and his newlywed wife Mary Ann Landers, who are the owners of a large piece of farming land in the Philippines. Cole soon finds that the Landers are being repeatedly harassed by a wealthy CEO named Charles Venarius in order to get them to sell their property because, unbeknownst to them, a large oil deposit is located beneath their land. Cole thwarts the local henchmen Venarius has hired to bully and coerce the Landers. Cole and Frank infiltrate Venarius' base, and defeat a number of his henchmen. In the aftermath, Frank gets drunk and confesses to Cole that he is impotent. Mary Ann comes to Cole that night and they have an affair. Venarius, learning that Cole is a ninja, hires a ninja of his own to eliminate Frank and Cole - Hasegawa, who is a rival of Cole from their old training days. Hasegawa strikes the Landers' compound at night, killing Frank in front of Mary Anne, then abducting her to Venarius' martial arts arena. Cole enters, and picks off the henchmen one by one before ultimately killing Venarius. Hawegawa releases Mary Ann, and the two ninja engage in a final battle. Cole defeats Hasegawa, who begs to be allowed to die with honour, and Cole beheads him.
What Happens in Vegas	American	comedy	Tom Vaughan	In New York City, high-strung equity trader Joy Ellis McNally is dumped by her fiancé at a surprise birthday party she throws for him. At the same time, easy-going carpenter Jack Fuller is fired from his job by his father, Jack, Sr. Both become emotionally distraught and, with best friends Toni Tipper, a bartender, and Jeff Hater, a lawyer, take a debauched trip to Las Vegas. Joy and Jack meet by chance when they are given the same hotel room because of a computer error. After clearing up the misunderstanding and receiving upgraded rooms and coupons to various clubs, they party and drink together and end up getting married. The next morning, they realize it was a mistake and decide to divorce. Before they do so, Jack uses a quarter Joy gives him in a slot machine. He hits a three million dollar jackpot and Joy reminds Jack that they are married and hence, she is entitled to half of the money. The couple return to New York, where they attempt to divorce. The judge declares that the couple cannot divorce until they attempt to co-exist for six months, while attending weekly sessions with Dr. Twitchell, a marriage counselor. If they work at the marriage but still want to divorce after six months, each will be permitted to keep half the winnings. If either party does not cooperate, the money will be tied up in litigation by the judge. The newlyweds devise more and more cunning schemes to undermine each other, such as Jack telling Joy that their counseling session is canceled to prove she's not committed, and Joy inviting girls to their apartment to try to get Jack to cheat on her, throwing a party where Jack's friend Dave shows up. Jack gives Joy's ex-fiancé, Mason, her engagement ring back without Joy knowing. At Joy's job retreat, Jack and Joy find themselves developing an unexpected attraction to one another, and they soon realize that being with each other has brought out the best in both of them. After they get back from the retreat, it's time for the judge to decide what happens to the money. On her way to the hearing, Joy sees her ex-fiancé Mason, and he tells her that he wants her back. He gives her back the engagement ring and tells her that she is good enough for him. Joy realizes that Jack set her up to get back with him, therefore cheating on him and letting Jack keep the money. Joy walks away from Mason and goes to the hearing. At the hearing, their marriage counselor testifies that the couple truly tried to work on their marriage. The judge decides that they will split the remaining 1.4 million dollars (after taxes, bills Joy ran up, and money Jack spent on his new woodworking business). Joy tells the judge she doesn't want any money and gives the engagement ring to Jack, telling him she officially doesn't want anything from him. Jack realizes she knows that he talked to Mason. Joy gets the promotion she'd been working for, but tells her boss she would rather be happy doing nothing than doing something she hates and being miserable. Jack talks to his parents and they tell him it looks like he and Joy are in love. Realizing his mistake, he goes to find her. Tipper tells Jack that she quit her job and that nobody knows where she is. He has a suspicion that she has gone to a beach (Fire Island, New York) that she told him about, the only place that makes her feel truly happy. Jack asks her to be his wife (again) and she says yes. As the two embrace, Joy says that she quit her job and has no idea what she's going to do. Jack reminds her that they have a lot of money between them. Joy states that they hit the jackpot, to which Jack replies that he certainly did (referring to both the money and to Joy). During the credits, we see Tipper and Hater on the day Jack and Joy get married. Tipper and Hater subsequently enact a plan of revenge on Mason, devised by Tipper earlier in the film. Tipper and Hater ring Mason's doorbell, and when he answers, Tipper slugs him in his testicles. He moans in agony and drops to his knees asking Why?, and she responds emphatically You know why!, and Tipper leaves with Hater.[1] Post-credits, Dave is telling Hater about a party that evening, but Hater no longer wants to associate with Dave, citing Jack as being the glue that held the two of them together as friends. With that, Hater simply leaves. Dave asks a random guy on the street if he likes to party.
The First Offence	British	drama	Herbert Mason	A wealthy doctor's rich and spoiled son, Johnnie Penrose joins a gang of car thieves in France after being denied a car by his father.
The World of Suzie Wong	American	romance	Richard Quine	American architect Robert Lomax is an aspiring artist who relocates to Hong Kong for a year to see if he can make a living as a painter. Whilst aboard the Star Ferry, en route to Hong Kong Island, he surreptitiously sketches fellow passengers, including a smartly dressed young woman of seemingly lofty social status. She eventually introduces herself as Mei Ling, then accuses him of stealing her purse and demands his arrest. Fortunately, an independent witness informs the police officer of the true circumstances, and the situation is resolved. They eventually shake hands then go their separate ways. With limited financial resources, Robert looks for an inexpensive room in the teeming Wan Chai district, a poor area known for prostitution. By chance, he sees Mei Ling leaving a run-down hotel there. Inside, he astounds proprietor Ah Tong by renting a room for one whole month - rather than by the hour, as is more usual. In a bar next door, he is bemused to see Mei Ling again. This time dressed in a slinky red cheongsam and in the company of a sailor. He approaches her; she now says her name is Suzie Wong, and that they have never met before. Eventually, Suzie admits who she is, laughing that she had him fooled for a while. The following day, Robert visits a banker to set up an account. The banker's secretary and daughter, Kay O'Neill, is immediately attracted to the newcomer. Robert asks Suzie to model for him. As they become better acquainted, he learns she was forced into her profession as a means of survival, when she was ten years old. She begins falling in love with him, but he tries to dissuade her, although he finds her very appealing. Meanwhile, he is also pursued discreetly by Kay. At a dinner party she is hosting, Robert meets Ben Marlowe, whom he recognizes as one of Suzie's clients, with his wife. Ben offers to make Suzie his mistress, and she accepts in order to make Robert jealous. When Ben reconciles with his wife, he asks Robert to break the news to Suzie. She is so hurt by the rejection that Robert finally admits he loves her. Initially, the two are very happy, but their relationship becomes strained. One day, Robert follows Suzie on one of her periodic disappearances. He finds her visiting the infant son she has kept hidden from him. He accepts the child. When his paintings fail to sell, he finds himself facing financial difficulties, and both Kay and Suzie offer to give him money, but his pride will not let him accept. When Suzie pays his rent and offers to resume prostitution to help him, he drives her away in a fit of anger. Realizing his mistake, Robert searches for Suzie. When he finally finds her, he learns her baby has died in the annual flooding, and the two commit themselves to each other.
Daddy's Home	American	comedy	Sean Anders John Morris	Mild-mannered radio executive Brad Whitaker struggles to be a good stepfather to his wife Sara's two children, Megan and Dylan, and is seemingly sterile after an accident to his testicles some years ago. The children begin to grow closer to Brad, with Dylan confiding in him that he is being picked on at school and Megan asking him to take her to a father/daughter dance at her school. One night, the kids' biological father, Sara's former husband Dusty Mayron, calls and discovers Sara's marriage with Brad. He suddenly announces he will be visiting the next day. Sara hesitates to let her former husband into their home, but Brad convinces her that it is important for the kids that their father and stepfather establish a respectful relationship. When Dusty arrives, Brad is immediately intimidated by his tough and muscular appearance and his charm with Megan and Dylan. Dusty repeatedly talks Brad into letting him stay, despite Sara warning about Dusty's true nature. Brad soon wises up when it becomes clear that Dusty intends to drive Brad out of his kids' lives and reconcile with Sara. After Dusty shows Brad up again and again - getting the kids a dog, finishing a treehouse that Brad wanted to build with Dylan, making Brad appear to be racist - Dusty tries to drive a wedge between Brad and Sara by taking them to a fertility doctor, hoping that Brad's inability to give Sara a baby will send her into Dusty's arms. Still, the two men appear to reach an understanding after working together to teach Dylan how to defend himself. Additionally, Brad and Sara are overjoyed to learn that Brad's sperm count has increased significantly (implied to be a result of Dusty invading his territory), giving them hope of having a child together. However, Brad is stunned when Dusty reveals that he still intends to drive Brad out of the family. Desperate, Brad spends tens of thousands of dollars on early Christmas gifts, including a pony and $18,000 basketball tickets. At the game, Dusty once again shows Brad up by revealing himself to be friends with the coach of Dylan's favorite team, and an enraged Brad begins drinking heavily. During half-time, Brad is chosen to try to shoot a basketball to win a prize. Drunk, Brad goes on a rant about Dusty before accidentally pelting a cheerleader and a disabled child in a wheelchair in the face with basketballs. Humiliated, Brad moves out of the house; however, when Dusty tries to comfort Sara, she rejects him, and forces him to step up as a dad to help his kids with their busy schedules. Four days later, Brad is living in his office at work, depressed. Dusty, meanwhile, is overwhelmed by the responsibilities of being a full-time father. When Dusty decides to call it quits and leave on the day of Megan's father-daughter dance, his friend Griff goes to Brad and convinces him to fight for his family. Brad catches Dusty at a bar and tries to get him to come back. Dusty admits that he cannot handle the hard parts about being a father, and admires Brad for putting up with all the things that he has to go through. Brad says that all of the terrible parts about being a dad are worth it, because in the end he is doing it for his kids. This convinces Dusty to go to the dance, and he and Brad arrive together. There, they discover that the classmate who was picking on Dylan at school is a girl, and almost get into a fight with her father when Dylan physically retaliates. However, Dusty finally decides to follow Brad's lead on being a father, and instead quells the fight by starting a dance-off. Brad and Sara reconcile, and Dusty decides to stay and be a good co-dad to his kids. Later, the whole family is happy; Brad and Sara have a new baby boy named after Griff, and Megan and Dylan have finally accepted Brad as their stepfather. Dusty, who now has a job as a Panda DJ and becomes wealthy through his work, has moved in across the street after building a castle there, and he and Brad are now friends. Dusty eventually remarries, to a woman named Karen who has a daughter, thus Dusty becomes a stepfather himself. Sara is immediately intimidated by Karen after meeting her; she feels that Karen's looks surpass hers and she is jealous of the latter's professions as a doctor and a novelist. In an ironic twist of fate, Dusty is now in exactly the same position that he put Brad in a year ago – visibly intimidated by his stepdaughter's more attractive father, Roger (John Cena).
Loudspeaker	Malayalam	comedy	Jayaraj	The movie is all about the relationships between two rare bred men from extremely different strata of society, but more in common than is apparent from the first look. They might have never run into each other, with their stark contrast in nature and life styles and would have hardly given each other a second look, if they hadn't met in these defined circumstances. But the movie throws them together, intertwined in worst of their days and progressively built in the rapport between the extremes, and infuses the spirit of worthy and meaningful life to all in the screen and those who watches them on screen. Mammootty plays the lead role Mike Philippose, a barefooted uneducated simpleton who lands in the city, armoured with his loud voice, opinions and dazzling wit to stand up with the different level of etiquette's he find in the flats of the city. His arrival is as a kidney donor to ailing Anand Menon, an astrophysicist who returned to his home nation after working in US for the last forty six years. A dejected man who wants to run away from his memories, Menon is turned into the reverse track by Mike, who lives with his memories and snobs about his deceased father and about the silent hamlet of Thopramkudy. The movie packs a lot of characters like the old man (Janardhanan) in legal tussle with his children, the fighting couple (Kalpana and Reghu) who even don't like to see face to face, a secretary of the flat residents (Jagathy) who only has a dog for his company, a group of loud bachelors and a kid who turns into a brat, left alone and away from her parents.
Smilin' Through	American	romance	Sidney Franklin	John Carteret (Leslie Howard) is a wealthy man with a huge estate. He was set to marry Moonyeen Clare (Norma Shearer), but on their wedding day she was accidentally killed during the wedding ceremony by her drunken and jealous ex-fiance Jeremy Wayne (Fredric March), who actually meant to kill John. John has spent the rest of his life in mourning. However, Moonyeen has kept in touch with him from the next life. He continues to live on the estate, and has a special place where he communicates with her spirit. His close friend Dr. Owens (O.P. Heggie) tells him of Moonyeen's niece Kathleen, whose parents have drowned at sea. He begs John to adopt the child, and he does. Kathleen is five, but as she grows older she looks exactly like the dead Moonyeen (and is also played by Norma Shearer). Her childhood friend Willie (Ralph Forbes) wants to marry her, but she is interested in Kenneth Wayne (also played by Fredric March), whom she meets in unexpected and romantic circumstances. However, Kenneth is the son of Jeremy, Moonyeen's killer, who disappeared and was never found. John refuses to let them marry and threatens to disinherit her. She leaves with Kenneth, but he sends her back again because he does not want to ruin her life. However, John has been deeply affected by the events and has lost his ability to communicate with his dead fiancee, who perceives his anger and hatred as having set up a barrier she cannot overcome. Kenneth enlists in the Army and is gone for four years, returning as a disabled war veteran. He hides his condition, claims he no longer cares for Kathleen, and plans to return to America. John finds out the truth from Dr. Owens. He sees that Kenneth really cares for Kathleen and is not like his wastrel father. He tells Kathleen, and she runs off to tell Kenneth she still cares for him. John sits down to play chess with Dr. Owens, but apparently dozes off. Amused, Dr. Owens leaves him so that he can take his nap. John, however, has actually died, and he is reunited with Moonyeen, just as Kathleen is heard returning with Kenneth.
Shadow	South_Korean	drama	Na Woon-gyu	The story is a melodrama concerning a young woman, played by Yun Bong-choon, who is abused by her stepmother and half-sister. After her stepmother expels her from her home, she stabs her stepmother.
Guns of the Magnificent Seven	American	western	Paul Wendkos	In late 19th-century Mexico, Federales capture Quintero (Fernando Rey), a revolutionary who attempts to rally those opposing the dictatorship of President Díaz. Before going to prison, Quintero gives his lieutenant, Maximiliano O'Leary (Reni Santoni), $600 with which to continue the cause. Bandit chief Carlos Lobero (Frank Silvera) demands that the money be used for guns and ammunition, but Max instead crosses the border in search of Chris Adams (George Kennedy): a legendary, American gunman whom his cousin had told him about. Max finally finds the laconic Chris, witnessing him free a man from a rigged trial, first by using his wits, then with the famed hair-trigger skill as a gunfighter. Chris agrees to mount a rescue of Quintero and uses $500 of Max's money to recruit five highly trained combatants: Keno (Monte Markham), a horse thief and hand-to-hand combat expert (whom Chris saved from hanging); Cassie (Bernie Casey), a brawny but intelligent former slave, who can handle dynamite; Slater (Joe Don Baker), a one-armed, sideshow sharp-shootist; a tubercular wrangler called P.J. (Scott Thomas), and Levi Morgan (James Whitmore), an aging family man who is doubtful of his worth, despite his incredible knife-throwing skills. En route to Mexico, the motley band of Americans becomes less mercenary when observing the brutal treatment of the peasants. Their journey is marked by encounters with a political prisoner's little boy, Emiliano Zapata (Tony Davis) and a pretty peasant girl, Tina (Wende Wagner), who falls in love with P.J. When Lobero learns that Max did not buy guns with the $600, he refuses to allow his men to take part in Quintero's rescue. Realizing that he needs support, Chris frees a prison gang that includes Zapata's father, then trains them in military tactics. Despite their superior fighting skills and strategy, Chris' men are outnumbered and their valiant effort to free Quintero appears doomed. At the last moment, 50 of Lobero's bandits, having slain their leader for his lack of patriotism, thunder onto the prison grounds and turn the tide of battle. Of the original seven, only Chris, Max and Levi survive. Before riding home, Chris and Levi leave behind the $600 the peasants had collected.
Cobra	American	action	George P. Cosmatos	An armed gunman causes a hostage situation at a Los Angeles supermarket. When negotiations between him and law enforcement fail, the LAPD summons Lieutenant Marion Cobretti (Stallone), a member of the agency's elite division known as the Zombie Squad. Cobretti, known by the codename Cobra, infiltrates the store, locates, and negotiates with him. During the negotiation, the gunman speaks of the unknown organization known as The New World, a supremacist group of social darwinist radicals that despise modern society and believe in killing the weak, leaving only the strongest and smartest to rule the world. Cobretti then kills the gunman by throwing a knife at his abdomen and firing shots at him. As the hostages and bodies are removed from the store, Cobretti is admonished by Detective Monte (Robinson) for his seeming disregard for police procedures and protocols. Harassed by reporters, Cobretti admonishes them for failing to prioritize the safety of potential victims. Little does everyone realize at the time is that the supermarket hostage crisis is only one of a string of recent and seemingly unconnected acts of violence and murder that have broken loose in Los Angeles, perpetrated by the same supremacist group the supermarket gunman mentioned. Model and businesswoman Ingrid Knudsen (Nielsen) later becomes the organization's main target after witnessing their members, including the organization's leader, only identified as The Night Slasher (Thompson), going on a spree killing. She is placed under the protective custody of Cobretti and his partner, Sergeant Tony Gonzales (Santoni) after a failed attempt on her by the organization. Several more failed attempts are made on their lives by various people connected to the Order. Cobretti theorizes that there is an entire army of killers operating with the same modus operandi rather than a lone serial killer with some associates, but his suggestion is rebuffed by his superiors. However, the LAPD agrees with Cobretti that it will be safest if he and Knudsen relocate from the city. Cobretti becomes romantically involved with Ingrid shortly after venturing out into the countryside, but Nancy Stalk (Garlington), the organization's second-in-command and right-hand person disguised as a police officer escorting the Cobretti party, reveals the location of their whereabouts. Despite Cobretti's suspicions and mistrust of Nancy, he does nothing and the party spends the night in a motel. The organization moves in at dawn and besieges the small town. With barely enough time to react, the attackers storm Cobretti and Ingrid's motel, wounding Gonzales in the process. Killing several members but with more swarming into the town, Cobretti and Ingrid escape in a pickup truck. When the truck is severely damaged from the chase, the duo cut through a grapefruit plantation to escape into a nearby factory. Cobretti has defeated most of the organization by this point, with the few remaining members following them into the building. After eliminating every member except for the Night Slasher himself, Cobretti engages in a vicious melee combat with him inside the steel mill, ending with the Night Slasher being impaled in the back by a large roaming hook, then burned alive. In the aftermath, Cobretti's department arrives and begins clean-up of the town, giving medical aid to Gonzales. Detective Monte appears apologetic but confronts Cobretti again about his lack of regard to police protocols, offering to discuss the issue over a long dinner. Cobretti punches Monte instead, and the film ends with Cobretti and Ingrid riding away on one of the motorcycles left by the organization.
Jeepers Creepers	American	horror	Victor Salva	Trish Jenner and her brother Darry are traveling home from college for spring break. As they drive through the Florida countryside, an old rusty truck tries to run them off the road. The vehicle eventually passes them, and they later see the same truck parked next to an abandoned church with a man sliding what appears to be bodies wrapped in blood-stained sheets into a large pipe sticking out of the ground. The man notices Trish and Darry watching him and attempts to run them off the road a second time. After escaping, Darry convinces Trish to go back to the church and investigate. At the church, Darry hears noises coming from within the pipe and crawls inside with Trish holding on to his feet, but ends up falling in. At the bottom, he finds a dying man with stitches running down his stomach, and hundreds of other bodies sewn to the basements walls and ceiling. After Darry escapes, the two flee the scene and attempt to contact the police at a diner. At the diner, they are phoned by a strange woman who warns them that they are in danger. Confused and frightened, they ignore her warning. Later, Trish and Darry leave, with two police officers providing a security escort. As they travel, the police learn that the church has caught fire, and any evidence of bodies has been destroyed. The police are then attacked and killed by the mysterious driver, who loads their bodies into his truck. Trish and Darry stop at a reclusive old woman's house, and beg her to call the police. The woman complies until she notices the driver hiding in her yard. She attempts to kill him, but the driver kills her and reveals his inhuman face to Trish and Darry, before pursuing them once again. Trish runs the driver over with her car, but they are horrified to see a giant wing tear through his trench coat and flap in the air. They drive to the local police station, where they are approached by psychic Jezelle Gay Hartman. She reveals herself as the woman who called them at the diner and tells them the true nature of their pursuer: It is an ancient creature, known as the Creeper, which awakens every twenty-third spring for twenty-three days to feast on human body parts, which then form parts of its own body. She also tells them that it seeks out its victims through fear, and, by smelling the fear from Trish and Darry, it has found something it likes, but she does not know what. The wounded Creeper arrives and attacks the police station. After cutting off the power, it gains entrance to the cells and eats prisoners to heal. The Creeper is swarmed by police but kills a number of them and evades capture. Trapped, Jezelle warns Trish and Darry that one of them will die a horrible death. Darry demands to know who, and Jezelle looks at Trish. The Creeper finds them, but spares Jezelle as she does not have anything it wants. The Creeper corners Trish and Darry in an upstairs interrogation room, and after sniffing and tasting them, the Creeper throws Trish aside and chooses Darry. Trish offers her life for her brother's, but the Creeper escapes out of the window and flies away with Darry. The next day, Trish is picked up by her parents, and Jezelle returns home in regret. In the Creeper's new hideout, an abandoned factory, it is revealed that the Creeper has removed the back of Darry's head and taken his eyes.
Gun	Kannada	action	Harish Raj	The life of the protagonist is affected by a ‘Gun’ in two times in this film. Both the times he was about to accept the love. The life of engineering student Ganesh (Harish Raj) takes curious turn when beautiful Vandana (Nikitha) accept him in her life. At the last moment the bloody confusion in the market place where the cop is chasing the underworld don becomes very costly in the life of Ganesha. Wasim Khan brother from Dubai shoots at but it falls to Vandana. Frightened with this development Ganesha is lost in agony. He gives up his education and takes to drinking. When Mallika (Mallika Kapoor) the TV6 journalist knows Ganesha is different she makes it a point to get education for him that becomes distant dream for him. That is mainly because the corporation councilor Wasim Khan is on the revenge saga. For the second time Ganesh on the verge of accepting the love faces the same situation. This time Mallika is hit by a bullet on the right shoulder. In the clash of Wasim Khan and Ganesha lot of heads roll and the director takes the liberty of showing himself the protagonist as a cop in the end.
Look Up and Laugh	British	comedy	Basil Dean	Gracie Pearson (Fields) is a singer/comedian who returns home to enjoy a little holiday, but there is trouble brewing. First, she has to use all of her hard-earned money to pay for part of what her brother owes to a money lender. Then when they go to see their father, they find he has collapsed due to the Plumborough Market (where he has a stall) is threatened with demolition to make way for a department store. She receives a telegram offering a West End singing job, but decides to try to save the market instead. As time runs out, Gracie rallies the stall keepers together through a series of ever more hilarious schemes in their attempts to save their livelihoods.
Veera Bahu	Kannada	action	S. Mahendar	Vijay and Rangayana Raghu play the role of graveyard protector while Nidhi plays the role of an Iyengari girl.
Stagecoach	American	western	John Ford	In 1880, a group of strangers boards the stagecoach from Tonto, Arizona Territory, to Lordsburg, New Mexico. Among them are Dallas (Claire Trevor), a prostitute driven out of town by the Law and Order League; the alcoholic Doc Boone (Thomas Mitchell); pregnant Lucy Mallory (Louise Platt), who is travelling to join her cavalry officer husband; and whiskey salesman Samuel Peacock (Donald Meek), whose samples Doc Boone takes charge of and starts drinking. When the stage driver, Buck (Andy Devine), looks for his shotgun guard, Marshal Curly Wilcox (George Bancroft) tells him that the guard is off searching for a fugitive. The Ringo Kid has broken out of prison after hearing that his father and brother had been murdered by Luke Plummer. Buck tells Curly that Plummer is heading for Lordsburg and, knowing that Ringo has vowed vengeance, Curly decides to ride along as guard. As the stage sets out, U.S. Cavalry Lieutenant Blanchard (Tim Holt) announces that Geronimo and his Apaches are on the warpath; his small troop will provide an escort to Dry Fork. At the edge of town, two more passengers flag down the stage: gambler and Southern gentleman Hatfield (John Carradine) and assertive banker Henry Gatewood (Berton Churchill), who is absconding with money embezzled from his bank. Further along the road, the stage comes across the Ringo Kid (John Wayne), stranded after his horse has gone lame. Even though they are friends, Curly has to take Ringo into custody and crowds him too into the coach. But when they reach Dry Fork, the expected cavalry detachment has gone on to Apache Wells. Buck wants to turn back, but most of the party vote to proceed. At lunch before departing, the group is taken aback when Ringo invites Dallas to sit at the main table. Hatfield offers Mrs. Mallory his silver folding cup, rather than have her drink from the canteen directly. She recognizes the family crest on the cup and asks Hatfield whether he was ever in Virginia. He says that he served in the Confederate Army under her father's command. On arriving at Apache Wells, Mrs. Mallory learns that her husband had been wounded in battle. When she faints and goes into labor, Doc Boone has to sober up and deliver the baby with Dallas assisting. Later that night, Ringo asks Dallas to marry him and live on a ranch he owns in Mexico. Afraid to reveal her past, she does not answer immediately. The next morning, she accepts, but does not want to leave Mrs. Mallory and the new baby, so she tells Ringo to go on alone to his ranch, where she will meet him later. As Ringo is escaping he sees smoke signals heralding an Apache attack and returns into custody. The stage reaches Lee's Ferry, which Apaches have destroyed. Curly uncuffs Ringo to help lash logs to the stagecoach and float it across the river. Just when they think that danger has passed, the Apaches attack and a long chase scene follows, where some of the party are injured fighting off their pursuers. Just as they run out of ammunition and Hatfield is getting ready to save Mrs Mallory from capture by killing her with his last bullet, the 6th U.S. Cavalry rides to the rescue. At Lordsburg, Gatewood is arrested by the local sheriff and Mrs. Mallory learns that her husband's wound is not serious. She thanks Dallas, who gives Mrs. Mallory her shawl. Dallas then begs Ringo not to confront the Plummers, but he is determined to settle matters and as they walk through town he sees the brothel to which she is returning. Luke Plummer (Tom Tyler), who is playing poker in one of the saloons, hears of Ringo’s arrival and gets his brothers to join him. Ringo survives the three-against one shootout that follows and then surrenders to Curly, expecting to go back to prison. As Ringo boards a wagon, Curly invites Dallas to ride with them to the edge of town, but when she does so Curly and Doc shout to stampede the horses, letting Ringo ‘escape’ over the Mexican border.
Big House Bunny	American	animation	Friz Freleng	Needing to get away from hunters, Bugs digs a tunnel and accidentally winds up in Sing Song Prison (a clear reference to Sing Sing Prison; No Hanging Around). As he tries settling himself to his hiding spot, prison guard Yosemite Sam (here called Sam Schultz, presumably as a character role, possibly a reference to Dutch Schultz) beats Bugs with a billy club, telling him, Trying to pull an escape, 777174, huh? To which Bugs replies, I'm not 777174 - I'm only 3½. Sam believes that, but he does not believe that Bugs is not a prisoner. Thus, Bugs is attired accordingly, numbered 3 1/2, and sent to the rock pile (My mother told me there would be days like this.) When Sam smugly tells Bugs that he will be locked up in jail for 50 years, Bugs quickly comes up with an escape plan. He screams that a prisoner is escaping and points into the distance, allowing himself time to insert his chain ball into a cannon when Sam isn't looking. A few seconds later, Sam fires the cannon to shoot down the escaping prisoner, sending Bugs over the wall to freedom. However, it doesn't take long for Sam to get wise; he drives a police car out of the prison and recaptures Bugs. For his attempted escape, Sam punishes Bugs by ordering him to be confined in his jail cell. When Sam locks Bugs inside, Bugs pulls a switch so that Sam is tricked into locking himself in the cell and freeing Bugs. Sam breaks out and holds Bugs at gunpoint, threatening Bugs with solitary confinement for 99 years. Bugs pulls another switcheroo by telling Sam that a real tough person would not use his uniform to intimidate another (Eh, you wouldn't be so tough if you weren't wearing that uniform!). Accepting the challenge, Sam takes his uniform off and levels his fists at Bugs, who has taken off his prison outfit. Bugs quickly admits to Sam that he is tough without his uniform and they redress, with Bugs putting on the police uniform and Sam absentmindedly putting on the prison outfit. Bugs blows a whistle and Sam, realizing too late that he has been tricked again, is beaten up by several correction officers for trying to escape and thrown into a jail cell. Inside his cell, Sam throws a tantrum and demands a habus corpeas. Bugs, who is having too much fun with outsmarting Sam to leave, pretends to be a sympathetic guard and gives Sam a loaf of bread, which is an Ajax Escape Kit containing a shovel, pickaxe, jackhammer, and map (I'm getting ya out of here, see? I haven't forgotten what you've done for Mary an' the kids, see?). Sam starts digging and comes up in what appears to be a jungle but is really many oversized plants... in the warden's office. The warden scolds Sam for fooling around, gives him a new officer's uniform and dismisses him from his office. Resuming his pursuit of Bugs, Sam chases him up a ladder to the gallows. Bugs escapes through the trap door but Sam accidentally hangs himself. As Sam angrily rants at this latest failure, he is called upon by the warden (SCHULTZ! OFFICE!) who is Bugs in disguise. The faux warden tricks Sam into sitting on an electric chair but then Bugs' fake moustache slips off, revealing the ruse. Sam chases Bugs out of the warden's office, around the prison and seemingly right back into the office, where he whacks whom he thinks is Bugs over the head with a billy club, only to find that he has clubbed the real warden. The warden warns Sam that he will be fired if he makes one more mistake. Having had his fill of Bugs, Sam stops Bugs at gunpoint, opens the prison gate and orders Bugs to leave the grounds. Bugs walks out and Sam celebrates; but the warden, outraged by Sam's actions, arrests and imprisons Sam for allowing a prisoner to escape (which is a false conviction, since Bugs was never a prisoner to begin with). Sam, now in prison garb for real, groans about his predicament at the rock pile and asks I'd like to know what dirty stool pigeon squealed on me. Nearby, a grinning Bugs acts like a pigeon while standing on a stool.
The Electric House	American	comedy	Buster Keaton	Keaton plays a botany student who is accidentally awarded an electrical engineering degree. He then attempts to wire a home using many gadgets. The man to whom the degree should have been awarded then exacts revenge by rewiring those gadgets to cause mayhem.
Synchronicity	American	action	Jacob Gentry	Physicist Jim Beale, working with two colleagues (Chuck and Matt), invents a machine that makes time travel possible. The machine operates by creating one half of a wormhole during one run, the other half during a second run. In addition, the process is expensive and dangerous. To activate the process requires radioactive material created by KMC, a company owned by Klaus Meisner, a venture capitalist. If the material is mishandled as part of the process, the machine will malfunction - creating a devastating explosion. During the first test, Beale receives a genetically-created Dahlia flower from the wormhole. Beale cannot prove his invention actually works without Meisner's material for a second test. Meisner demands 50% ownership of the process in exchange for the material, but he gets 49%. The second test is scheduled for one week after the first. Soon after the first test, Beale meets Abby Ross, who seems to know too much about him for their meeting to be coincidental. He is attracted to her, but also suspicious. His suspicions are apparently confirmed when Chuck calls him on his cell phone and tells Beale that Abby is not to be trusted and the test has succeeded much more than they thought. Beale leaves Abby and rushes back to the lab, but Chuck refuses to explain. Beale later ignores his suspicions and starts a relationship with Abby. They discover a deep bond, which is broken when Chuck's warning is confirmed: Abby tells Meisner about the flower. Meisner threatens Beale with knowledge of the flower, the intellectual property of another of his companies. Meisner extorts Beale for another 50% ownership of Beale's research, leaving Beale with 1%. Heartbroken and not thinking clearly, during the second test Beale jumps into the wormhole and is transported one week into the past to the time of the first test. Beale is convinced that on this second run, he can outwit Meisner and Abby and prevent his research from falling into their hands. He seduces Abby but soon learns that she was honestly attracted to him: a science writer herself, she had read an article about him and crafted a fanciful story in a journal about what he must be like. Having learned more about him from Meisner and from learning about his work, she is powerfully attracted to him. Beale reads the fictional story but finds that it is both a somewhat inaccurate representation of his work and is unfinished. Complications arise: the second run Beale becomes physically weakened, and experiences pain when in close proximity to Jim Prime, the Beale from before jumping into the wormhole. Beale reveals himself to Chuck and Matt in the hopes of securing their help to protect the research. They both assist Beale and conceal his presence from Jim Prime, explaining several confusing interactions in the week before the second test. Beale is jealous of Jim Prime, but there is no need: Jim Prime is still suspicious of Abby and it is clear that he will have nothing to do with her after the second test because of her betrayal. Beale continues to weaken. He encounters Abby's journal again (this time in Matt's hands) and is confused - in the first timeline, it was at Abby's apartment. Matt says he found it in Jim's coat pocket when he came out of the wormhole. The journal is now subtly different and it makes it clear that Beale has jumped not back in time, but into the past of a parallel universe, slightly different from the one he left. Slight inconsistencies Beale has not noticed in this timeline are explained. Chuck says that it is impossible for two Beales to exist in the same universe, so the second run Beale will die and only Jim Prime will remain. Beale enlists Chuck and Matt's help in making an unscheduled wormhole to send himself to the past with his new knowledge to try and prevent the research from being stolen. A mistake is made in the process, preventing the time jump and wasting the radioactive material. The date of the second test arrives. Beale finds another time-displaced Jim dead in a hotel after trying to leave the city. He returns to the Grand Hotel, where he sees Abby's apparent betrayal was to get more material to make the second test happen to send Jim Prime away and save Beale's life. The second test happens as before, but when Abby returns to the Grand Hotel, Beale has already died. After, Abby is alone in a cafe when Jim Prime - apparently healthy - sits down across from her. Jim reveals a deep attraction to Abby, and introduces himself. Abby acknowledges his similarity in appearance to the physicist John Bain whom she is writing a novel about. However, as far as she knew, John Bain was killed in a devastating explosion in his lab. The unspoken implication is that Jim Prime would not wither away like Beale did, as he entered a universe with no other Jim present.
New York Minute	American	comedy	Dennie Gordon	Seventeen-year-old identical twin sisters Jane (Ashley Olsen) and Roxy Ryan (Mary-Kate Olsen) are completely different and never see eye to eye. They live with their widowered father, and attend the fictional Atta Westland Grove High Van School in Syosset, a suburban Long Island town. Over a 24-hour period, the two begrudgingly journey together into the city for Jane, an uptight overachiever, to deliver a speech to qualify for a prestigious college scholarship abroad, and for Roxy, a laid-back punk-rock rebel, to get backstage at a music video shoot so that she can give her demo tape to the group. Jane and Roxy board the train into New York but are soon thrown off together after Roxy is found without a ticket. At the station, Jane bumps into Jim (Riley Smith), and they flirt back and forth before he gets on the train. Meanwhile, Roxy becomes unknowingly involved in a shady black-market transaction after an illegal chip device is mistakenly planted in her bag. Bennie Bang (Andy Richter), the man behind the plan, offers Roxy a ride in a swanky limousine and she accepts, dragging Jane along who is reluctant about getting into cars with strangers. He locks them inside but they escape through the sun roof and he chases them into the city subway where they help one another to fight him off. Meanwhile, Max Lomax (Eugene Levy), an overzealous truant officer, is on the hunt to find Roxy after news of her continuously missing school and forging absence letters from her father. Several unlucky incidents occur as they begin their journey such as Jane's heels snapping and being drenched by a hobo's blue slush drink. At the nearest store, Jane realizes she's left her day planner in the limo, which has her whole life in it including money and the prompt cards needed her for college speech later that day. To clean up, they break into a posh hotel room and soon receive a phone call from Bennie who threatens to meet him to give the chip back or they won't get the day planner, but before they can leave, they meet Trey (Jared Padalecki), the son of the powerful Senator who's staying at the hotel, and his dog, Reinaldo, who swallows the chip. They are forced to take Reinaldo with them. They make their way to their destinations and decide to part ways. Roxy heads to the Simple Plan video shoot being followed by Max, while Jane goes to meet Bennie for an exchange. When he finds out the dog, Reinaldo, has swallowed the chip, he tries to attack Jane who flees from the car and goes to find Roxy. While running from Max and Bennie, the two end up on stage with the band and crowd surf to get away. Trey is also trying to find Roxy who runs into Bennie and gets kidnapped in the trunk of his car. Meanwhile, Jane and Roxy end up in the underground sewer with Reinaldo with Jane's speech in less than two hours. A little later, they walk into the House of Bling where Big Shirl (Mary Davis Bonde) gives them both a makeover. Max hunts them down and they escape in a cab even when Jane failed her driving test. They accidentally pick up the same man that Roxy spilled her drink on in the train. When they stop, they argue. Jane explains that Roxy has never been there for her and never takes life seriously, and she feels she stopped taking responsibility for anything after their mother died, leaving Jane in charge. Conversely, Roxy believes Jane doesn't need to take control of everything and feels she's been pushed away, since she wasn't even invited to Jane's speech. Jane goes to meet Bennie who throws her in the back of a van with Reinaldo and drives her to see his mother who is in charge of the whole operation: they buy and sell illegal pirated DVDs and CDs. Roxy finds Bennie's limo and retrieves Jane's day planner, but finds Trey locked in the trunk. They both rush to the building where Jane is meant to give her speech, while Jane fends off Bennie and escapes once again and then runs into Jim who gives her a ride to the same place. When they arrive, Roxy pretends to be Jane so she can give a speech on time, but drops the prompt cards beforehand and has to make it up on the spot, which confuses the judges. The head judge is Senator Hudson McGill (Darrell Hammond), the man from the train and the taxi, alongside Trey's mother, Senator Anne Lipton. Jane turns up just in time who tries to explain what their day has been like and the reason for why she wasn't there. Suddenly, Max intervenes who tries to arrest Roxy and Bennie appears who tries to kidnap Jane, but they both exploit his illegal doings and he is arrested by Max. Knowing she has no opportunity to give her speech, Jane leaves with Roxy. Outside, Hudson McGill catches up to Jane who found her prompt cards and gives her a college scholarship to Oxford, because she didn't just want to win, she absolutely refused to fail. Months later, Roxy is in the studio recording with her band, watched by Jane, Trey and Jim, who celebrate all together.
The Daytrippers	American	drama	Greg Mottola	Eliza (Davis) discovers a love letter that may prove that her husband (Tucci) is having an affair, so she decides to go to New York City and confront him. Her family, including her sister, Jo, and her live-in boyfriend, Carl, as well as her parents, Jim and Rita, go along for the ride in the family station wagon from Long Island.
Guilty by Suspicion	American	drama	Irwin Winkler	David Merrill (De Niro), a director in 1950s Hollywood, returns from abroad to find that a rising tide of McCarthyism and the Red Scare has led to his not being allowed to work in films. He will only be allowed to direct once he implicates colleagues as Communist agents. He must decide whether to turn informant, or to stick to principle at the cost of his life's work.
Disconnect	American	crime	Henry Alex-Rubin	An ambitious, up-and-coming reporter Nina Dunham has much success with her interview with underage video chat-room stripper Kyle. Kyle, a runaway, works in a whole house with other chat-room strippers under his boss, Harvey. However, the FBI wants her to reveal his address in order to shut down the whole website that hosts the web-rooms. Since she has paid him in order to make initial contact, she may have broken the law, making the police and her boss put pressure on her to cooperate. Nina wants to save him from the business, yet fears losing his trust in the process. Kyle reluctantly gives her the address, and somehow, Harvey is tipped off and the entire house flees. When Nina discovers this, she follows them to the motel where they're staying, and asks Kyle to leave with her. At first, Kyle is hopeful for the future and willing, but when Nina is hesitant to guarantee him safe haven in her home, he resists. Harvey watches the argument, then slaps Nina. The entire group of chat-room strippers leave and Nina drives away in tears. Two boys, Jason and his friend Frye, impersonate a girl, Jessica Rhony, on Facebook Messenger and convince teenager Ben (the son of Rich, a legal counsel at the TV station where Nina works) to send a nude picture of himself. The boys distribute it to classmates, and the picture circulates to nearly everyone in their grade. Ben is so embarrassed by this cyber bullying that he attempts suicide by hanging himself and ends up in a coma. Rich doggedly searches Ben's social media, looking for answers, and begins chatting with Jessica. Jason visits Ben in the hospital, where he meets Rich, and falsely calls himself Mike. Jason's father (the real Mike) discovers what Jason has been doing and becomes very angry with him. However, he grudgingly protects his son by erasing the evidence on Frye's iPad. Later, Rich discovers that Jason is actually Jessica, and goes to Mike's house angrily, resulting in a physical altercation. Jason tries to intervene, and Rich hits him with a hockey stick. Mike then hits Rich, who falls to the ground, which stops the fight. A young married couple, Derek and Cindy, seem to live a fairly normal life, however, the couple is still devastated due to a tragedy that occurred two years ago, the death of their only son, James, caused by SIDS. Cindy, who remained sterile, could not have other children and overcome mourning, one day, the couple finds their identities are stolen online. They hire private detective Mike (Jason's father) to find the thief, and after revealing that Cindy had been regularly chatting on a support group website, Mike determines their burglar. Cindy and Derek go after the suspect, Stephen Schumacher, following him at work, watching his movements, and breaking into his home for evidence. Right before Derek goes to confront him at his front door, Mike calls to tell him that Schumacher is not their guy, and that he too was a victim of the burglar. Schumacher, who had been noticing Cindy and Derek stalking him, confronts them in their car with a rifle; however, Derek, a former Marine, disarms him and forces him back into his house. Cindy is able to coax the gun away, relating to the online chats about each of their losses. The film ends with none of the stories being resolved, and yet, with all characters having grown closer to the ones they love in the process, or rather, having stopped disconnecting.
There Ain't No Justice	British	drama	Pen Tennyson	Tommy Mutch (Jimmy Hanley) is a garage mechanic and small-time boxer. With his family in financial difficulty he needs to find money in a hurry. As luck would have it he meets boxing manager Sammy Sanders (Edward Chapman). Sammy assures Tommy he can get him lucrative main event bouts. Tommy is promoted as the next boxing star which is reinforced with a series of convincing wins. However, Tommy discovers that the bouts were fixed by a gambling syndicate. He realises now that he has been set up by his manager and is expected to take a fall. He has little choice but to go-ahead but needs to come up with a plan. One that will guarantee a financial return for his family while also hitting the syndicates in the pocket.
The Quare Fellow	British	drama	Arthur Dreifuss	The play is set in Mountjoy Prison, Dublin. The anti-hero of the play, The Quare Fellow, is never seen or heard; he functions as the play's central conceit. He is a man condemned to die on the following day, for an unmentioned crime. Whatever it is, it revolts his fellow inmates far less than that of The Other Fellow, a very camp, almost Wildean, gay man. There are three generations of prisoners in Mountjoy including boisterous youngsters who can irritate both other inmates and the audience and the weary old lags Neighbour and methylated martyr Dunlavin. The first act is played out in the cramped area outside five cells and is comedic, sometimes rather like an Irish episode of Porridge. After the interval, the pace slows considerably and the play becomes much darker, as the time for the execution approaches. The focus moves to the exercise yard and to the workers who are digging the grave for the soon-to-be-executed Quare Fellow. The taking of a man's life is examined from many different angles: his fellow prisoners of all hues, the great and the good and the prison officers. The play is a grimly realistic portrait of prison life in Ireland in the 1950s, and a reminder of the days in which homosexuality was illegal and the death penalty relatively common (35 people were executed between 1923 and 1954, about one every 10½ months). The play is based on Behan's own prison experiences, and highlights the perceived barbarity of capital punishment, then in use in Ireland. The play also attacks the false piety in attitudes to sex, politics and religion.
Hell on Wheels	American	action	Will Zens	There are two brothers, Marty, a stock car racing driver, and Del, a talented mechanic whose work on the car helps to make Marty successful. Del becomes resentful that Marty gets all the glory, and arranges to drive for another car-owner in competition with Marty. But he also agrees to work on cars used by a gang of moonshiners, which brings him into conflict with their other brother who works for the government agency trying to combat illegal alcohol. In between the action, they all attend a local club where there are musical performances by Robbins, and also by Connie Smith and the Stonemans.
Bhalobasa Bhalobasa	Bengali	romance	Rabi Kinagi	The film begins with a baby taking his initial steps on a beach while the father is supporting him. The narrator in the background (Prasenjit) states that, it is right for a father to support his child in his infancy, but questions whether the father should continue to hold the child's hand even after he is 24 years old. As the credits roll, a visibly angry Sidhu (Hiran) begins uttering abuses at all the fathers in the world. When inquired about his disgust, he says that his father, Aravind (Sabyasachi Chakrabarty), gives him more than what he asks for. He cites instances where his choices of dressing, hairdo and many others are stashed away by his father's. However, he vows that the two things that will be of his choice would be, his career and the woman he would marry. Post-credits, Satya (Subhasis Mukherjee), the Arvind dutiful household's servant wakes up Sidhu in the morning. In the background, we see Siddhu's mother, Lakshmi (Laboni Sarkar) singing a devotional song while cooking. At the dining table, Arvind, Managing Director of their construction company, inquires if Siddhu will join their office for managing their business. When Sidhu deliberates, his father doesn't stand any longer and instead plans for his marriage despite Sidhu's silent protest. The next week, he returns home to realize that he is going to get engaged to Manasi against his wishes. He speaks with her only to realize that she is a daddy's girl and she not being to his liking. However, with Arvind's final say, they eventually get engaged. While contemplating on his options in a temple, Sidhu accidentally meets Priya (Srabanti Malakar), an engineering student. Seeing her chirpy nature and vibrance, Sidhu begins to like her. He makes attempts to know her by meeting her on a regular basis. In the process, he starts liking her cherubic and ever-friendly nature and as someone who does what she loves. As days go by, he realizes about so many small things in her company that gave him happiness. He realizes that he has fallen in love with her. Alongside this, Sidhu applies for a bank loan to start out on his dream of building his career. When his love for Priya deepens, he wishes to propose to her. He confesses to her that he is engaged to get married to Manasi against his wishes, but what he really wants is her. On knowing of him being engaged, Priya gets dejected, but comes back a day later and asks him to do what he wishes for and accepts his proposal. At this juncture, the ecstatic Sidhu is seen by a furious Arvind. Siddhu is admonished back home and he expresses his disinterest in marriage with Manasi. When asked for his reason to like Priya, Sidhu replies saying that if Priya can stay with their family for a week, then all their questions shall be answered. He convinces Priya to stay at his house after lying to her father, Kanaka Rao (Sushanta Dutta) that she is going on a college tour. When Priya is introduced to Sidhu's family, she gets a lukewarm welcome. As she settles down in the house, one after the other begins to like her. Even though getting used to the living habits of the authoritarian Arvind's household was difficult, Priya stayed put for Sidhu's sake. In the meanwhile, Arvind reprimands Sidhu when he knows of his bank loan and his plans, only to further enrage Sidhu. One day the entire family along with Priya attends a marriage ceremony. A cheerful Priya cheers up the ceremony with her playful nature. Coincidentally, Kanaka Rao who happens to be around, recognizes Sidhu as the drunken young man whom he encountered on an earlier occasion. Priya realizes her father's presence and quickly exits to avoid his attention. After saving their grace, Sidhu admonishes Priya for her antics at the marriage. A sad and angry Priya moves out of the house saying that she does not find Sidhu the same and that she cannot put on an act if she stays in their house. After getting back to her house, she rebuilds the trust her father has in her while Sidhu is left forlorn. Lakshmi confronts Arvind on Sidhu's choices and wants. In the process, Sidhu opens up his heart and leaving Arvind to repent on his foolishness. Sidhu requests Manasi and her parents to call off the impending marriage. While they relent, Arvind manages to convince Kanaka babu about Sidhu and Priya's marriage. In return, Kanaka wants to know more about Sidhu by having him live in house for a week. Arvind agrees with this and as the story returns to the pre-credits scene, the viewers are left to assume about the happy marriage of the protagonists.
Woh Jo Hasina	Bollywood	romance	Deepak Bahry	Woh Jo Hasina is an action film, featuring the hit pair of Mithun Chakraborty and Ranjeeta Kaur.
 Looking for Grace	Australian	drama	Sue Brooks	The story follows Grace as she runs away from home to the Wheatbelt of Western Australia. Her parents hire a private detective in an attempt to find her.[6]
To Live	Chinese	drama	Zhang Yimou	In the 1940s, Xu Fugui (Ge You) is a rich man's son and compulsive gambler, who loses his family property to a man named Long'er. His behaviour also causes his long-suffering wife Jiazhen (Gong Li) to leave him, along with their daughter, Fengxia and their unborn son, Youqing. Fugui eventually reunites with his wife and children, but is forced to start a shadow puppet troupe with a partner named Chunsheng. The Chinese Civil War is occurring at the time, and both Fugui and Chunsheng are conscripted into the Kuomintang during a performance. Midway through the war, the two are captured by the revolutionary army and serve by performing their shadow puppet routine for the revolutionaries. Eventually Fugui is able to return home, only to find out that due to a week-long fever, Fengxia has become mute and partially deaf. Soon after his return, Fugui learns that Long'er did not want to donate any of his wealth to the people's government, and so Long'er decided to burn all of his property. No one helps put out the fire because Long'er was a gentry. He is eventually put on trial and is sentenced to execution. As Long'er is pulled away, he recognizes Fugui in the crowd, and tries to talk to him as he is dragged towards the execution grounds. Fugui is filled with fear and runs into an alleyway before hearing five gunshots. He runs home to tell Jiazhen what has happened, and they quickly pull out the certificate stating that Fugui served in the revolutionary army. Fugui assures his wife that they are no longer gentries and will not be killed. The story moves forward a decade into the future, to the time of the Great Leap Forward. The local town chief enlists everyone to donate all scrap iron to the national drive to produce steel and make weaponry for retaking Taiwan. As an entertainer, Fugui performs for the entire town nightly, and is very smug about his singing abilities. Soon after, some boys begin picking on Fengxia. Youqing decides to get back at one of the boys by dumping spicy noodles on his head during a communal lunch. Fugui is furious, but Jiazhen stops him and tells him why Youqing acted the way he did. Fugui realizes the love his children have for each other. The children are exhausted from the hard labor they are doing in the town and try to sleep whenever they can. They eventually get a break during the festivities for meeting the scrap metal quota. The entire village eats dumplings in celebration. In the midst of the family eating, schoolmates of Youqing call for him to come prepare for the District Chief. Jiazhen tries to make Fugui let him sleep but eventually relents and packs her son twenty dumplings for lunch. Fugui carries his son to the school, and tells him to heat the dumplings before eating them, as he will get sick if he eats cold dumplings. He must listen to his father to have a good life. Later on in the day, the older men and students rush to tell Fugui that his son has been killed by the District Chief. He was sleeping on the other side of a wall that the Chief's Jeep was on, and the car ran into the wall, injuring the Chief and crushing Youqing. Jiazhen, in hysterics, is forbidden to see her son's dead body, and Fugui screams at his son to wake up. Fengxia is silent in the background. The District Chief visits the family at the grave, only to be revealed as Chunsheng. His attempts to apologize and compensate the family are rejected, particularly by Jiazhen, who tells him he owes her family a life. He returns to his Jeep in a haze, only to see his guard beating Fengxia for breaking the Jeep's windows. He tells him to stop, and walks home. The story moves forward again another decade, to the Cultural Revolution. The village chief advises Fugui's family to burn their puppet drama props, which have been deemed as counter-revolutionary. Fengxia carries out the act, and is oblivious to the Chief's real reason for coming: to discuss a suitor for her. Fengxia is now grown up and her family arranges for her to meet Wan Erxi, a local leader of the Red Guards. Erxi, a man crippled by a workplace accident, fixes her parent's roof and paints depictions of Mao Zedong on their walls with his workmates. He proves to be a kind, gentle man; he and Fengxia fall in love and marry, and she soon becomes pregnant. Chunsheng, still in the government, visits immediately after the wedding to ask for Jiazhen's forgiveness, but she refuses to acknowledge him. Later, he is branded a reactionary and a capitalist. He comes to tell them his wife has committed suicide and he intends to as well. He has come to give them all his money. Jiazhen refuses to take it. However, as Chunsheng leaves, Jiazhen commands him to live, reminding him that he still owes them a life. Months later, during Fengxia's childbirth, her parents and husband accompany her to the county hospital. All doctors have been sent to do hard labor for being over educated, and the students are left as the only ones in charge. Wan Erxi manages to find a doctor to oversee the birth, removing him from confinement, but he is very weak from starvation. Fugui purchases seven steamed buns (mantou) for him and the family decides to name the son Mantou, after the buns. However, Fengxia begins to hemorrhage, and the nurses panic, admitting that they do not know what to do. The family and nurses seek the advice of the doctor, but find that he has overeaten and is semiconscious. The family is helpless, and Fengxia dies from hypovolemia (blood loss). The point is made that the doctor ate 7 buns, but that by drinking too much water at the same time, each bun expanded to the size of 7 buns: therefore Fengxia's death is a result of the doctor's having the equivalent of 49 buns in his belly. The movie ends six years later, with the family now consisting of Fugui, Jiazhen, their son-in-law Erxi, and grandson Mantou. The family visits the graves of Youqing and Fengxia, where Jiazhen, as per tradition, leaves dumplings for her son. Erxi buys a box full of young chicks for his son, which they decide to keep in the chest formerly used for the shadow puppet props. When Mantou inquires how long it will take for the chicks to grow up, Fugui's response is a more tempered version of something he said earlier in the film. However, in spite of all of his personal hardships, he expresses optimism for his grandson's future, and the film ends with his statement, and life will get better and better as the whole family sits down to eat.[5] Although the ending has been criticized as sentimental, the resignation and forced good cheer of Fugui and especially Jiazhen belie a happy ending.[6]
Blue Cat Blues	American	animation	Hanna-Barbera	A depressed Tom sits on a railroad bridge, bent on suicide. Watching from overhead, Jerry laments his old friend's state and recalls the events leading up to Tom's depression.[1] Tom and Jerry had been inseparable until Tom fell in love with a beautiful white female cat. The white cat initially reciprocated Tom's affections, but, as Jerry suspected, proved herself to be a gold digger when she leaves Tom for the much wealthier Mr. Butch. Jerry urges Tom to forget about the white cat, but Tom ignores Jerry's advice. He pushes himself and his finances to beyond absurd lengths to buy gifts to try to win back his ex-girlfriend. However, every heartfelt, though paltry, gift that Tom presents to the white cat to impress her is outrageously and excessively outdone by Mr. Butch. Heartbroken, penniless, and hopelessly in debt, Tom drowns his sorrows in milk as Jerry's pleas for him to stop are rebuffed. Tom tries to literally let himself go down the gutter, but Jerry rescues him. As Jerry resuscitates Tom, they see Mr. Butch and the white cat driving by in Mr. Butch's coupe, newly married and embarking on their honeymoon. Jerry breaks from the sad story to think about his own girlfriend, Toots. He is reveling in her love for and faithfulness to him until he sees her riding by with another mouse, just married and going on their honeymoon. Jerry, now dejected, joins Tom on the railroad tracks; the whistle of an oncoming train grows louder as the cartoon fades out.[2]
Chattahoochee	American	drama	Mick Jackson	Emmett Foley (Oldman) is an American hero of the Korean War who attempts to commit suicide, first by provoking local police and then by shooting himself in the chest. After his recovery, he is sent to the Florida State Hospital, an institution in Chattahoochee, Florida, where he fights against doctors and staff who are terrorizing and torturing their patients. His efforts eventually led to sweeping reforms in the Florida mental health system.
Munna	Telugu	action	Vamsi	Munna (Prabhas) is a college student. His aim is to finish off mafia don Kakha (Prakash Raj) who keeps the entire city under his grip. Munna has a personal vengeance to take on Kakha. An honest politician Srinivasa Rao (Kota Srinivasa Rao) relentlessly works to expose Kakha but is killed. Meanwhile, Munna's classmate Nidhi (Ileana D'Cruz) falls in love with him. The twist in the tale is that Kakha is none other than his estranged father who tries to sell off his mother and was responsible for the death of his mother and his young sister. Another don in the city named Aatma (Rahul Dev), who is the opposition of Kakha asks Munna to join him but Munna refuses his proposal. Munna starts to beat Kakha and the mind game begins. Kakha's second wife, son and daughter leave him and join Munna. After some incidents including the death of his best friend, Munna finds out that Aatma was working for Kakha all along. Aatma's henchmen didn't know that Aatma still worked for Kakha. The two of them plan on killing him in a factory when all of a sudden Aatma turns against Kakha and Munna. Kakha kills Aatma for the betrayal. Having lost everything Kakha worked for in his life, he commits suicide. Thereby, Munna succeeds in taking revenge against Kakha.
Shrieker	American	horror	David DeCoteau	Clark (Tanya Dempsey), a young Mathematics major at a University, thinks she's found the best deal for student housing: a group of squatters who live in an abandoned hospital secretly. The quirky residents let her into their community provided she follow the rules, including not telling anyone about her living arrangements. All seems wonderful, until she discovers that the reason that the hospital was abandoned was a series of murders in the 1940s by a strange shrieking killer who was never captured - and the discovery that someone who's living in the hospital is using occult means to bring back the demonic Shrieker.
Guns of Darkness	British	drama	Anthony Asquith	Caught in a South American country during a coup, a British couple (Niven and Caron) try to help the former President escape to the border.
The Desperadoes	American	western	Charles Vidor	In 1863, a sheriff named Steve Upton (Randolph Scott) tries to keep the law in Red Valley, a small town in Utah. While he's away, the bank is robbed. The holdup was secretly masterminded by corrupt banker Stanley Clayton and the livery stable's boss, Uncle Willie McLeod, with the help of ruthless gunman Jack Lester, who shoots three innocent men. Cheyenne Rogers rides to town. At the stable, Allison McLeod, daughter of Uncle Willie, recognizes the horse as one belonging to Steve. As the stranger goes to the saloon for a drink, Allison rides out to find Steve, whose mount was stolen on the trail. The Countess, who runs gambling at the saloon, is in love with Cheyenne, who was hired to help rob the bank but arrived too late. She blames herself for steering Cheyenne toward crime in the first place. Cheyenne finds a legitimate job, breaking broncos at a ranch. Steve returns to town and is glad to see Cheyenne, an old friend. Lester turns the town against Cheyenne, revealing his outlaw past, and then his sidekick Nitro pulls off another robbery of the bank. A posse rounds up Cheyenne and Nitro and a judge sentences them to hang. But they are sprung from jail by Steve, who is then placed behind bars himself. Alison goes to the Countess to beg for her help. She does, even though Cheyenne now loves Allison instead of her. Cheyenne slips a gun to Steve through a jailhouse window, and together they set about making things right. Uncle Willie, feeling guilt about his part in the robbery, ends up shooting Clayton in a gunfight. Allison is wed to Cheyenne while her father goes off to jail. At one point while a heavily armed group of bad guys is waiting for Cheyenne to show up and rescue Steve one of the men remarks that when he does arrive, Cheyenne will think that he rode into Custer's Last Stand. In reality, the Battle of the Little Big Horn does not take place for more that a dozen years after the film's 1863 setting.[4]
Bedevil	Australian	horror	Tracey Moffatt	Mr. Chuck is the first of the three-part series featured in BeDevil. It tells the story of a young indigenous boy haunted by the ghost of an American GI who drowned in the swamp around which much of this segment takes place. Various nonlinear events of the boy’s childhood are presented through the perspectives of two narrators: the boy as an older man reflecting on his youth and a white woman whose family took part in the colonization of this area of Australia. The film follows the young boy as he observes and interacts with white settlers who are building a cinema on top of the swamp, while simultaneously holding a caretaker position to his two younger siblings, experiencing abuse at the hands of adults in his family, and having episodic interactions with the ghost of the American GI. These clips of memory are framed by the two narrators’ alternating recounting of them, presented in the style of a documentary interview. In the desolate plains of outback Queensland, Ruby (played by Moffatt herself) and her family are haunted by invisible trains which run on a track beside their house. The ghost of a young girl killed by a train drives Ruby and her family away. After many years Ruby returns to experience the ghostly presence yet again.[2] Imelda’s people are Torres Strait Islanders. When her son Bebe and his love, Minnie, leave their community to escape opposition to their marriage, Imelda follows them to a small town in north Queensland. Tragedy strikes - Bebe and Minnie die, but the doomed couple never find peace. The spirits of Minnie and Bebe dance on a condemned warehouse and refuse to leave.[2]
Doraemon: A Grandmother's Recollections	Japanese	animation	Watanabe, AyumuAyumu Watanabe	Nobita finds his old teddy bear among the trash after his mother partially cleaned up their shed. He tells her not to throw it away. The stuffed animal was a precious gift from his beloved grandmother. Reminiscing about her makes, Nobita asks Doraemon to take him back to the time when he was three years old and his grandma was still alive.
Raw Deal	American	action	John Irvin	On December 16, 1985, in a remote wooded cabin, a mob informant is under protection by the FBI. They are ambushed by a hit squad who brutally slaughter the bodyguards and the witness. One of the agents killed is Blair Shannon, son of FBI Agent Harry Shannon (Darren McGavin), who vows revenge. After capturing a man posing as a motorcycle cop, small-town sheriff Mark Kaminsky (Arnold Schwarzenegger) goes home to his alcoholic wife Amy (Blanche Baker), who resents what their lives have been reduced to and in a drunken fit throws a cake at him. Kaminsky once worked for the FBI, but five years ago he brutally beat a suspect who molested, murdered, and mutilated a young girl. He was given the option to resign or be prosecuted by ambitious prosecutor Marvin Baxter (Joe Regalbuto), who is now Special Federal Prosecutor heading up a committee investigating the dealings of Luigi Patrovita (Sam Wanamaker), the strongest of the Chicago Outfit Dons. Shannon calls Kaminsky in with an unsanctioned and possibly illegal assignment: to infiltrate Patrovita's organization and tear it up. Harry cannot do anything officially, and the FBI has a leak who has been getting agents killed, which is why Kaminsky must go in secret. Harry dangles the prospect of Kaminsky being reinstated with the FBI, leading to Kaminsky faking his own death in a chemical plant explosion and posing as convicted felon Joseph P. Brenner. He manages to get an audience with Patrovita's right-hand man Paulo Rocca (Paul Shenar), and convinces them of his worth by harassing Martin Lamanski (Steven Hill), a rival mob boss who is trying to move in on his former boss Patrovita's territory. While at Patrovita's casino, hidden in a basement level of a high class hotel, he makes the acquaintance of Monique (Kathryn Harrold), who works for Rocca's top lieutenant Max Keller (Robert Davi). Kaminsky continues to work his way into the good graces of the Patrovita family, including devising a plan that recovers $100 million of heroin and cash seized by the feds from one of Patrovita's hideouts and simultaneously assisting in Lamanski's assassination. Keller isn't convinced that 'Brenner' is who he says and manages to find proof of the deception, showing Kaminsky's photo to a police informant who previously arrested the real Brenner. The leak the FBI has been looking for is revealed to be Baxter, who is forced to stay close to Patrovita. Kaminsky accompanies Keller to a cemetery for a hit job, but discovers that the target is Harry Shannon, which causes him to blow his cover. Kaminsky and Shannon manage to kill Keller and another hit man, but Shannon is severely wounded in the exchange. Kaminsky escapes, assisted by Monique (who has grown fond of him). He tells her to go to the airport and wait for him. He then suits up, gathers an arsenal of firearms and raids one of Patrovita's gravel pits, killing everyone (to the tune of Satisfaction by the Rolling Stones) and stealing a large amount of drug money. He then sets off for Patrovita's casino, where he embarks on a killing spree, single-handedly wiping out all his soldiers, including the men directly responsible for the murder of Blair and his fellow FBI agents. Rocca and Patrovita retreat to a back room, but Rocca is cut down in a barrage of gunfire. Patrovita flees into an office pleading for his life, but Kaminsky mercilessly guns him down. On his way out, he encounters a whimpering Baxter and offers him a gun with the same line Baxter gave him five years earlier: Resign, or be prosecuted. Any way you want it. Kaminsky starts to walk off, and when Baxter attempts to shoot him, Kaminsky turns and shoots Baxter dead in self-defense. After driving to the airport, Kaminsky hands a duffel bag containing $250,000 in cash to Monique and gets her on a chartered plane, telling her she is free and can start a new life with no obligations to anyone. The epilogue shows Kaminsky visiting Shannon, who was crippled as a result of the gunshot wound to his back and has been refusing any therapy or rehabilitation. Kaminsky has been reinstated into the FBI, and his reunion with Amy has now led to her being pregnant. Kaminsky wants Shannon to be godfather to the child, but only if Shannon will attempt to walk. Shannon cannot walk easily at first and angrily asks Kaminsky to leave him be, but then Kaminsky tells Shannon he must show the same strength that made him a good father to Blair. Inspired by the love for his son and his gratitude to Kaminsky, Shannon makes a strong effort and eventually manages to walk a few feet on his own, embraced by a smiling Kaminsky.
The Cookout	American	comedy	Lance Rivera	When Todd Anderson (played by Quran Pender) has just signed a $30 million contract with his hometown basketball team the New Jersey Nets, he purchases many new luxuries for himself and his family including a new house in a well established, high class neighborhood for him and his gold digging girlfriend Brittany (played by Meagan Good). Keeping with family tradition, he decides to host a regular family reunion cookout in his new place, however, not planning for it to clash with an important business meeting for an endorsement deal. Meanwhile, Bling Bling (played by Ja Rule) is jealous that Todd has made it with his basketball contract after being insulted and embarrassed in front of the neighborhood when Todd did not recognize who he was. He plans to get many pairs of sneakers signed by the upcoming star to sell on eBay and become rich. Whilst on his way to Todd's new house, he crashes his car due to his clumsy friend and then tries to steal a new Mercedes from a car park without realizing the car belongs to Todd's girlfriend Brittany. After finding out he holds her at gunpoint and forces her to drive him there. Although the meeting is scheduled to take place in the morning, and the guests are to arrive in the afternoon, one by one members of Todd's eccentric family begin to arrive before expected disrupting his business interview. The neighbors are drawn to the cookout, and Todd is concerned mainly about his image, as his family's antics are making a poor impression on his neighbors. When Bling Bling and his criminal sidekick invade the cookout so they can get Todd's autograph, the ensuing chaos makes Todd realize how much he needs his family. He realizes that he loves the family for the way they are and gets a shock by the endorsement interviewer. Todd breaks up with Brittney and marries Becky and scored 26 points in his debut in New Jersey.
Ninne Istapaddanu	Telugu	romance	Konda	Charan (Tarun) is a fun loving college-going guy in Vizag. He meets Sanjana (Anitha) in an interesting style. They start off their relationship with quarreling and slowly they fall in love with each other. Sanjana leaves to Hyderabad after the graduation is over. Charan also leaves to Hyderbad in search of Sanjana, as he did not get any phone calls or mails from Sanjana. On his way to Hyderabad, he meets an NRI called Boney (Rajiv Kanakala), who comes to India in search of a bride. After reaching Hyderabad, Charan accidentally meets another girl called Geeta (Sridevi), who works in All India Radio and some how settles in her house as guest. One day, he spots Sanjana who ridicules his love and says that she pretended love to him only to take revenge on him for the pranks he played on her during college time. Then she hands him over her wedding card. And the bridegroom turns out to be Boney.The rest of the film revolves around these 4 characters - Charan, Boney, Sanjana and Geetanjali. The climax is all about who gets whom.
The Unknown	American	horror	Tod Browning	Alonzo the Armless is a circus freak who uses his feet to toss knives and fire a rifle at his partner, Nanon. However, he is an impostor and fugitive. He has arms, but keeps them tightly bound to his torso, a secret known only to his friend Cojo, a midget. Alonzo's left hand has a double thumb, which would identify him as the perpetrator of various crimes. Alonzo is secretly in love with Nanon. Malabar, the circus strongman, is devoted to her as well, but she has a strong fear of men's arms and cannot stand being pawed by them, so she shuns him. She only feels comfortable around the armless Alonzo. When she embraces and kisses him, he is given hope, but Cojo warns him that he cannot let it happen again. If she holds him, she might feel his arms. When Antonio Zanzi, the circus's owner and Nanon's father, discovers Alonzo's secret, Alonzo kills him with his bare hands. Nanon witnesses this through a window. A flash of lightning reveals that her father's killer has a double thumb on his left hand, but she does not see his face. Since Alonzo is believed to be armless, he is not a suspect. When the circus leaves town, Alonzo has Nanon remain behind with him. He takes extreme measures to try to have the woman he loves. He blackmails a surgeon into amputating his arms. While he is away, however, Malabar's steadfast love finally enables Nanon to overcome her phobia, and she agrees to marry him. When Alonzo (now truly armless) returns to Nanon, she excitedly tells him the news. Alonzo is shocked and horrified, first laughing, then crying, confusing the couple. He then learns that Malabar and Nanon have been practicing a new act, where the strongman's arms are seemingly pulled in opposite directions by two horses (who are actually on hidden treadmills). During the first performance, Alonzo stops one treadmill in an attempt to maim or kill his rival. When Nanon starts to intervene, Alonzo threatens her with a knife. However, she rushes to calm down one of the horses. Alonzo tries to save her from injury by pushing her out of the way. The horse knocks Alonzo down and fatally stomps on him. In the original film script and some discarded filmed sequences, Alonzo murders both the doctor and Cojo, to eliminate them as witnesses before he returns to claim Nanon.
Mission: Impossible	American	action	Brian De Palma	Years after the events of the series, Jim Phelps and his team, the Impossible Missions Force (IMF), attempt to retrieve the CIA non-official cover (NOC) list from the American embassy in Prague. Their mission fails: Phelps is shot, his wife Claire dies in a car bombing, and the rest of the team except Ethan Hunt are eliminated by unknown assassins. Meeting with IMF director Eugene Kittridge, Hunt reveals his awareness of a second IMF team sent to monitor them, and learns the job was a setup to lure out a mole within IMF, who is believed to be working with an arms dealer known as Max as part of Job 314. As Hunt is the only member left, Kittridge suspects him of being the mole, and Hunt flees. Returning to the Prague safe house, Hunt realizes Job 314 refers to Bible verse Job 3:14, Job being the mole's code name. Claire arrives at the safe house, explaining she escaped the bomb after Phelps aborted the mission. Hunt arranges a meeting with Max, and warns her that the list she possesses has a tracking device. He promises to deliver the real list in return for $10 million and Job's identity. Hunt, Max, and her agents escape just as a CIA team arrives. Hunt recruits two disavowed IMF agents: computer expert Luther Stickell and pilot Franz Krieger. They infiltrate CIA headquarters in Langley, steal the real list, and flee to London. Kittridge, detecting the theft, has Hunt's mother and uncle falsely arrested for drug trafficking. He provides media coverage of the arrest, forcing Hunt to contact him from Liverpool Street Station. Hunt allows the CIA to trace him to London before hanging up, but is surprised to find Phelps nearby. Phelps recounts surviving the shooting, naming Kittridge as the mole. Hunt realizes Phelps is the mole, having discovered that Phelps stole a Gideons Bible from a Chicago hotel. He also suspects Krieger as the one who killed the other IMF members on the Prague job, but is unsure whether Claire was involved. Hunt arranges with Max to exchange the list aboard the TGV train to Paris the next day. On the train, Hunt remotely directs Max to the list. Max verifies it and gives Hunt the code to a briefcase containing the payment along with Job in the baggage car. Ethan calls Claire and tells her to meet him there. Meanwhile, Stickell uses a jamming device to prevent Max from uploading the data to her servers. Claire reaches the baggage car, finds Phelps and tells him Ethan will arrive shortly. She questions the idea of killing Ethan, since they will need a fall guy for the money, when Phelps reveals himself to be Ethan in disguise, exposing her as a co-conspirator. When the real Phelps arrives and takes the money at gunpoint, Hunt dons a pair of video glasses that relays Phelps to Kittridge, blowing Phelps' cover as the mole. Phelps threatens to kill Ethan, but shoots Claire instead when she intervenes. He climbs to the roof of the train, where Krieger is waiting with a helicopter and a tether. Hunt connects the tether to the train itself, forcing the helicopter into the Channel Tunnel after the train. Hunt places an explosive chewing gum on the helicopter windshield, killing Krieger and Phelps. Kittridge arrests Max and recovers the list, then reinstates Hunt and Stickell as IMF agents, but Hunt is unsure if he'll accept. As he flies home, a flight attendant approaches him and asks, through a coded phrase, if he is ready to take on a new mission, just as she asked Phelps at the beginning.
The Loaded Door	American	western	Harry A. Pollard	As described in a studio publication,[2] Bert Lyons (Gibson) returns to his ranch to discover his foreman dead and the ranch leased to a real estate shark. The new hands seem to be trafficking in booze and narcotics under the guise of raising cattle. He goes to see his sweetheart Molly Grainger (Olmstead) who shares her suspicions. The smugglers do not care for Bert's curiosity and plan to get him. The new boss of the ranch has designs on Molly, and tells her that he will assist in freeing her brother Joe (Sutherland), who is in prison charged with murder, if she goes with him across the border. Bert learns of this ruse, tricks the smugglers, and rides to Molly's rescue. The smugglers are rounded up, and Joe is freed, leaving Bert and Molly to plan their new home.
Adda	Telugu	action	Sai Karthik	Abhi (Sushanth) is a young bloke who provides a unique service - that of creating rifts between couples. He provides this service mostly to the couples’ parents. He builds crevices between lovebirds who plan to marry against the wishes of their parents and gets paid big bucks for his services. But when he wants to, he also helps those in love and even helps them get married. The marriage registration office is his Adda or office and he operates from there. Into this playboy’s life enters Priya (Shanvi) and seeks the help of Abhi to separate her sister and her boyfriend because her father Patel (Nagineedu) does not approve of their relationship and will go to any lengths to punish them. So she decides to break them up using Abhi’s services. In the process of a break-up, Abhi falls in love with Priya. However, Priya keeps off Abhi as he is too money-minded. She feels Abhi is a guy without feelings and morals. Also, she is engaged to be married to her cousin (Dev Gill). The rest of the film shows how Abhi chases her and gets her to fall for him.
Battle Beneath the Earth	British	sci-fi	Montgomery Tully	The plot involves rogue elements of the communist Chinese army who use fantastic burrowing machines in an effort to place atomic bombs under major U.S. cities. The U.S. Navy sends troops underground to combat them. The film has been described as deliriously paranoid.[1]
Shane	American	western	George Stevens	Shane (Alan Ladd), a skilled, laconic gunfighter with a mysterious past,[4] rides into an isolated valley in the sparsely settled Wyoming Territory, some time after the Civil War. At dinner with local rancher Joe Starrett (Van Heflin) and his wife Marian (Jean Arthur), he learns that a war of intimidation is being waged on the valley's settlers. Though they have claimed their land legally under the Homestead Acts, a ruthless cattle baron, Rufus Ryker (Emile Meyer), has hired rogues and henchmen to harass them and drive them out of the valley. Starrett offers Shane a job, and he accepts. At the town's general store, Shane and other homesteaders are loading up supplies. Shane enters the saloon adjacent to the store, where Ryker's men are drinking, and orders a soda pop for the Starretts' son, Joey (Brandon deWilde). Chris Calloway (Ben Johnson), one of Ryker's men, throws a shot of whiskey on Shane's shirt. Smell like a man! he taunts. Shane doesn't rise to the bait, and leaves to the taunts of Ryker's men. On the next trip to town, Shane returns the empty soda bottle to the saloon, where Calloway again taunts him. Shane orders two shots of whiskey, pours one on Calloway's shirt and throws the other in his face, then knocks him to the ground. A brawl ensues; Shane prevails, with Starrett's help. Ryker declares that the next time they meet, the air will be filled with gun smoke. Joey is drawn to Shane, and to his gun. Shane shows him how to wear a holster and demonstrates his shooting skills, but Marian interrupts the lesson. Guns, she says, are not going to be a part of her son's life. Shane counters that a gun is a tool, no better nor worse than an axe or a shovel, and as good or bad as the man using it. Marian retorts that the valley would be better off without any guns—including Shane's. Jack Wilson (Jack Palance), an unscrupulous gunfighter working for Ryker, deliberately provokes Frank Stonewall Torrey (Elisha Cook Jr.), a hot-tempered ex-Confederate homesteader. When the inexperienced farmer goes for his gun, Wilson shoots him dead. At Torrey's funeral, there is talk among the settlers of giving in to Ryker and moving on; but after battling a fire set by Ryker's men, they find new determination and resolve to continue the fight. Ryker invites Starrett to a meeting at the saloon to negotiate a settlement—and then orders Wilson to kill him when he arrives. Calloway, unable to tolerate Ryker's treachery any longer, warns Shane of the double-cross. Starrett says no matter, he will shoot it out with Wilson, and asks Shane to look after Marian and Joey if he dies. Shane, aware that Starrett is no match for Wilson in a gunfight, says he must go instead. Starrett is adamant, and Shane is forced to knock him unconscious. A distraught Marian asks Shane why he is doing this. For her, he replies, and her husband and son, and all the other decent people who want a chance to live in peace in the valley. As Shane rides to town, Joey follows him on foot. At the saloon, he beats Wilson to a draw, then shoots Ryker as he draws a hidden gun. Shane tells Joey to tell his mother that the settlers have won. His left arm hangs limply at his side as he mounts his horse. Shane rides out of town, ignoring Joey's desperate cries of Shane! Come back!
Showgirls	American	drama	Paul Verhoeven	Nomi Malone is a young drifter who hitchhikes to Las Vegas hoping to make it as a showgirl. After being robbed by her driver, Nomi meets Molly Abrams, a seamstress and costume designer who takes her in as a roommate. Molly invites Nomi backstage at Goddess, the Stardust Casino show where she works, to meet Cristal Connors, the diva star of the topless dance revue. When Nomi tells Cristal she dances at Cheetah's Topless Club, Cristal derisively tells her that what she does is akin to prostitution. When Nomi is too upset to go to work that night, Molly takes her dancing at The Crave Club. After getting into a fight with James, a bouncer at the club, Nomi is arrested. James bails her out of jail, but she pays him little notice. Shortly thereafter, Cristal and her boyfriend Zack Carey, the entertainment director at the Stardust, visit Cheetah's and request a lap dance from Nomi. Although the bisexual Cristal is attracted to Nomi, her request is also based upon her desire to humiliate Nomi by proving she is little more than a prostitute. Nomi reluctantly performs the lap dance after Cristal offers her $500. James happens to be at the strip club as well and witnesses the lap dance. He visits Nomi's trailer the next morning and, like Cristal, tells Nomi that what she is doing is no different from prostitution. Cristal arranges for Nomi to audition for the chorus line of Goddess. Tony Moss, the show's director, humiliates Nomi by asking her to put ice on her nipples to make them hard. Furious, Nomi leaves the audition and again runs into James, who says he has written a dance number for her and contends that Nomi is too talented to be a stripper or showgirl. Despite her outburst at the audition, Nomi gets the job and quits Cheetah's. Cristal further humiliates Nomi by suggesting she make a goodwill appearance at a boat trade show which turns out to be a thinly disguised form of prostitution. Undeterred, Nomi sets out to get revenge against Cristal and claim her mantle. She seduces Zack, who secures an audition for her to be Cristal's understudy. Nomi wins the role, but when Cristal threatens legal action against the Stardust, the offer is rescinded. After Cristal gloats and taunts Nomi at a performance, Nomi pushes her down a flight of stairs, and Cristal breaks her hip. Unable to perform, Cristal is replaced by Nomi as the show's lead. Although Nomi has finally secured the fame she sought, she alienates Molly, who realises she pushed Cristal. Later, Molly relents and attends Nomi's opening night celebration at a posh hotel, where she meets her idol, musician Andrew Carver. Carver lures Molly to a room, where he brutally beats her and helps one of his bodyguards rape her. Molly is hospitalized after the assault. Nomi wants to prosecute Carver, but Zack tells her the Stardust will bribe Molly with hush money to quiet her in order to protect their celebrity client. Zack then confronts Nomi with the details of her sordid past: her real name is Polly, and she became a runaway and prostitute after her father murdered her mother and then killed himself. She has been arrested several times for drug possession, prostitution, and assault with a deadly weapon. Zack blackmails Nomi by vowing to keep her past quiet if she will not press charges for Molly's assault. Unable to obtain justice for Molly without exposing her own past, Nomi decides to take justice into her own hands. She gets Carver alone in his hotel room and beats him bloody. Nomi then pays two hospital visits; one to Molly to deliver news of the assault and let her know that Carver's actions did not go unpunished, and another to Cristal to apologize for injuring her. Cristal admits she pulled a similar stunt to get cast in the lead of a show years before. Because of her world-weariness, and the fact that her lawyers managed to secure her a large cash settlement, Cristal forgives Nomi, and they exchange a kiss. Nomi leaves Las Vegas and hitches a ride to Los Angeles, coincidentally with the same driver who stole her possessions when she arrived.
Aalwar	Tamil	action	Chella	Aalwar (Ajith Kumar) is devoted to his mother (Geetha) and sister (Shwetha Bandekar). But the villainous elements Lal, Vincent Asokan kill the sister and mother due to an old dispute with Aalwar. Aalwar, with revenge ringing in his mind, ends up as a killer, even while working as a ward boy in a hospital. He rechristens himself as Shiva and is out to make a statement against the venal forces. He sees himself as some kind of avatar. In fact, he bumps off the baddies under the get-up's of Lord Rama and Lord Krishna. In climax, Shiva turns up as Lord Narasimha and bumps off the last villain by placing him on his thighs and ripping apart his bowels and chest with his sharp claws. He successfully escapes from the police of Chennai and continues his process of Dharma
It Started in Paradise	British	drama	Compton Bennett	In 1938, Mme. Alice (Hunt), chief designer of a famous London fashion house, has lost her touch. Where once she was the most sought after designer in the city, now her creations seem locked in the past and clients are looking elsewhere for modern fashions. She is persuaded by her senior assistant Martha (Hylton) that she needs a long holiday to recapture her creative inspiration. Once Mme. Alice has departed the fiercely ambitious Martha, who has been biding her time for several years, launches a coup, designing and presenting a range of up-to-the-minute garments which are a huge success with the fashion media and bring clients flocking back to the salon. The financial backer of the business is delighted with the upturn in profits; Martha is promoted to chief designer and Mme. Alice is quietly retired. Over the course of the next decade Martha, with the help of Alison (Pavlow), a talented girl she took on straight out of school, restores the house to its pre-eminent position in the London fashion world. She becomes so driven that she starts not to care who she treads on in her quest to be the best in the business. Over the years while her professional career goes from strength to strength, she neglects friends, treats associates badly and makes business enemies. By the start of the 1950s Martha too seems to have had her day; appreciation for her designs tapers off and her reputation falls. Those she has alienated on the way up are only too happy to watch her on the way down. Meanwhile, Alison, having waited for her own chance, seizes the opportunity to present her own designs which are acclaimed as fresh, innovative and contemporary. Alison is in, Martha is out, and the cycle begins again.
Crazy, Stupid, Love.	American	comedy	Glenn Ficarra and John Requa	Cal Weaver is a middle-aged man who is told by his wife Emily that she has cheated on him with a co-worker, David Lindhagen, and wants a divorce. After moving into his own apartment, Cal goes to a bar night after night, talking loudly about his divorce, until he attracts the attention of a young man named Jacob Palmer, a womanizer who beds different women each night, although a young woman named Hannah has recently rejected his advances. Jacob takes pity on Cal, and offers to teach him how to pick up women. Using Jacob's teachings, Cal seduces Kate at the bar. After the encounter, Cal manages to successfully seduce other women in the bar. He sees Emily again at their son 13 year old Robbie's parent-teacher conference. The interaction goes well until they discover that Robbie's teacher is Kate, who reveals to Emily that she and Cal have slept together. Cal then confesses to sleeping with nine women since their separation. Emily leaves in disgust and begins actively dating David. Meanwhile, Hannah, a recent law school graduate, is expecting her boyfriend Richard to propose marriage while they celebrate her passing the bar exam, but he does not, instead, offering her a position at his law firm. Offended and hurt, Hannah returns to the bar where she originally rejected Jacob's advances and kisses Jacob passionately. The two return to Jacob's home to have sex, but end up talking to each other all night and making a connection. Jacob starts a relationship with Hannah, and he becomes distant from Cal. At the same time, Robbie makes numerous grand gestures to try to win the heart of his 17-year-old babysitter, Jessica Riley, who actually has a crush on Cal. On the advice of her classmate Madison, she takes nude photos with raunchy expressions of herself to send to Cal and tucks them away in an envelope inside her dresser drawer. Later, Emily calls Cal under the guise of needing help with the house's pilot light, but Cal sees through the ruse since he is secretly gardening at the hold house in the night and sees that Emily didn't really need any help. Realizing that she called just because she too was missing him, Cal decides to try and win her back. Meanwhile, Jacob returns Cal's calls and asks for advice about being in a real relationship and meeting his girlfriend's parents. Jessica's mother, Claire, friends with Emily, who dislikes Cal, discovers Jessica's naked photos in the dresser drawer and shows them to Jessica's father, Bernie. Bernie was Cal's best friend before Claire made him end their friendship in the aftermath of the breakup. Bernie rushes to the Weaver residence to confront him about the photos, with Jessica in pursuit. Cal and his kids create a makeshift mini golf set in their backyard to remind Emily of their first date. During the gathering, Jacob and Hannah show up at the house, and Hannah is revealed to be Cal and Emily's first daughter born to them right out of high school. Cal is appalled that Jacob is dating his daughter, and forbids her to see him. At that moment, Bernie shows up and attacks Cal. Jessica arrives and tells her father that Cal knew nothing of the pictures. Then David arrives on the scene to return Emily's sweater from a previous date. Jacob asks David if his name is Lindhagen and when David replies yes, Jacob punches him in the face for the pain he caused Cal. Cal, Jacob, David, and Bernie then get into a scuffle which is soon broken up by the police. Cal starts spending time at the bar again and receives a visit from Jacob, who confesses that he is in love with Hannah. Cal replies that he is happy that Jacob is a changed man but does not approve of Jacob and Hannah's relationship, having seen Jacob's former lifestyle. Jacob resigns without harboring any ill feelings; rather, he expresses his respect for Cal and praises him for being a great father. At Robbie's eighth grade graduation, Robbie is the salutatorian and gives a pessimistic speech about how he no longer believes in true love and soul-mates. Cal stops him and instead begins to recount his courtship with Emily to the audience, saying that, while he does not know if things will work out, he will never give up on Emily. With renewed faith, Robbie reaffirms his love for Jessica, to the audience's applause. After the ceremony, Cal gives Jacob and Hannah his blessing. Jessica gives Robbie an envelope containing the nude photos of herself that were originally intended for Cal to get him through high school. Cal and Emily have a laugh talking about the events that have transpired the past year, hinting that they might get back together.
Cahill U.S. Marshal	American	western	Andrew V. McLaglen	While J.D. Cahill (John Wayne), a widower and U.S. Marshal, is away from home, his two sons Danny (Gary Grimes) and Billy (Clay O'Brien) aid Abe Fraser (George Kennedy) and his gang to escape from jail and to rob a bank. The town's sheriff is shot and killed during the robbery. Billy hides the stolen money while his brother and the rest of the gang return to locked jail cells as an alibi. When Cahill returns, he and Danny look for the perpetrators with the help of half-Comanche tracker Lightfoot (Neville Brand). Cahill arrests four suspects and although they are innocent, they are found guilty and scheduled to be hanged. While on the tracks of the kids, Cahill and Lightfoot are ambushed by Brownie (Dan Vadis). Lightfoot hurts him but is eventually killed. Cahill's sons try to return the gang's share of the money to Fraser, resulting in a showdown between Cahill and his boys on one side and Fraser's gang on the other.
The Indian Runner	American	drama	Sean Penn	The story, set in 1960s Nebraska, involves two very different brothers: small-town deputy sheriff Joe and criminal Frank Roberts. Before the events of the film, Joe had tried to farm for a living, but was unable to make ends meet, and the bank eventually foreclosed on his property. He became a deputy sheriff as a way to support his young wife, Maria, and child. Joe is a good, conscientious man, but has his own demons to fight with. The opening shot of the film shows a car chase which ends with Joe using his gun to kill a man in self-defense. This results in Joe's conflicted feelings about killing the criminal, as well as the praise and scorn from members of his community from this shooting. Frank, who had been involved with run-ins with the law before going to Vietnam, is described by his father as plagued by restlessness. Upon his return to town, he breaks into his brother's home and is nearly shot by Joe's wife. The next day, Frank leaves town without ever stopping by his parents' home. As Joe states in the narration, Frank was correct in his assessment that his parents would understand, as they always seem to when he hurts those who love him. Joe does not hear from his brother for some time, but eventually discovers from their father that he is in jail in another state. He had kept the information quiet to avoid upsetting their mother. Frank is then released from prison and returns to his hometown with his pregnant girlfriend, Dorothy. Joe's and Frank's mother dies and their father commits suicide soon after. Frank tries to settle down and works in construction, but keeps getting into trouble with the law, which puts him in conflict with Joe. When the time comes for Frank's wife to give birth, Frank is in a bar drinking it down, which sparks a confrontation with Joe. After Joe leaves, Frank beats the bartender to death with a chair and drives out of town with Joe on his tail. The film concludes with Joe allowing Frank to escape across the state line.
The Portrait of a Lady	American	drama	Jane Campion	Isabel Archer, originally from Albany, New York, is invited by her maternal aunt, Lydia Touchett, to visit Lydia's rich husband, Daniel, at his estate near London, following the death of Isabel's father. There, Isabel meets her uncle, her friendly invalid cousin Ralph Touchett, and the Touchetts' robust neighbour, Lord Warburton. Isabel later declines Warburton's sudden proposal of marriage. She also rejects the hand of Caspar Goodwood, the charismatic son and heir of a wealthy Boston mill owner. Although Isabel is drawn to Caspar, her commitment to her independence precludes such a marriage, which she feels would demand the sacrifice of her freedom. The elder Touchett grows ill and, at the request of his son, leaves much of his estate to Isabel upon his death. With her large legacy, Isabel travels the Continent and meets an American expatriate, Gilbert Osmond, in Florence. Although Isabel had previously rejected both Warburton and Goodwood, she accepts Osmond's proposal of marriage, unaware that it has been actively promoted by the accomplished but untrustworthy Madame Merle, another American expatriate, whom Isabel had met at the Touchetts' estate. Isabel and Osmond settle in Rome, but their marriage rapidly sours due to Osmond's overwhelming egotism and lack of genuine affection for his wife. Isabel grows fond of Pansy, Osmond's presumed daughter by his first marriage, and wants to grant her wish to marry Edward Rosier, a young art collector. The snobbish Osmond would prefer that Pansy accept the proposal of Warburton, who had previously proposed to Isabel. Isabel suspects, however, that Warburton may just be feigning interest in Pansy to get close to Isabel again, and the conflict creates even more strain within the unhappy marriage. Isabel then learns that Ralph is dying at his estate in England and prepares to go to him for his final hours, but Osmond selfishly opposes this plan. Meanwhile, Isabel learns from her sister-in-law that Pansy is actually the daughter of Madame Merle, who had had an adulterous relationship with Osmond for several years. Isabel pays a final visit to Pansy, who desperately begs her to return someday, which Isabel reluctantly promises to do. She then leaves, without telling her spiteful husband, to comfort the dying Ralph in England, where she remains until his death. Goodwood encounters her at Ralph's estate, and begs her to leave Osmond and come away with him. He passionately embraces and kisses her, but Isabel flees. Goodwood seeks her out the next day but is told she has set off again for Rome. The ending is ambiguous, and the reader is left to imagine whether Isabel returned to Osmond to suffer out her marriage in noble tragedy (perhaps for Pansy's sake), or she is going to rescue Pansy and leave Osmond.
Gemini	Telugu	action	Unknown	The story of Gemini revolves around Gemini (Venkatesh) and Ladda (Kalabhavan Mani), two contemporary rowdies in Vijayawada. Gemini's friend is murdered by Ladda's friend. Then Gemini and his gang search for the person who murdered his friend and kills him. This incident marks the start of their rivalry. Meanwhile, Gemini meets Manisha Natwarlal (Namitha) and falls in love with her. To gain her affections he goes to study in an evening college as her classmate, and eventually, she too falls in love with him. Gemini and Ladda clash again for a market holdout. Using his brilliant tactics, Gemini fools and wins against Ladda which drives him crazy. In the meantime, Vijayawada gets a new Police Commissioner in Viswanath (Murali). He arrests both Gemini and Ladda. Understanding their rivalry, Viswanath puts them in a private cell so they can beat each other to death and at the same time can put a finish line to rowdyism. But instead, Gemini convinces Ladda to plead Viswanath to give them a chance to lead a normal life. Gemini's trick works and they both are given a chance. While Gemini changes his life, Ladda did not change his life. He keeps on disturbing Gemini and wants him to help him out in his business. But instead, Gemini informs about Ladda and his activities to Viswanath. So Ladda is now in jail. Meanwhile, Gemini tries to reunite with Manisha as he had changed now and eventually she does forgive him. After some months Viswanath gets transferred as the transport DG of Andhra Pradesh and the new Police Commissioner (Kota Srinivasa Rao) arrives, but to Gemini's bad luck he is corrupt and releases Ladda from jail. Now Ladda and the new Commissioner urge Gemini to help him in his business. But he still tries to stay away from them. Forcing Gemini to return to his old business, he would later kill Gemini's right hand and who's also a best friend to him. Then in the climax, Gemini tricks the new Commissioner to kill Ladda. The new Commissioner is transferred as transport DGP and Viswanath becomes the new Commissioner of Police. The film ends with Gemini starting to lead a fresh life with Manisha.
Streets of Laredo	American	western	Leslie Fenton	A trio of outlaws, Jim Dawkins (Holden), Loren Renning (Carey), and Reuben Wahoo Jones (Bendix), rob a stage. But when a young lady, Rannie Carter (Freeman), is menaced by rich and ruthless Charley Calico (Alfonso Bedoya) after her father is killed, the robbers come to her rescue. They run him off, then pay old Pop Lint (Clem Bevans) to watch over her at his ranch. Loren ends up separated from his partners but continues his life of crime. Jim and Wahoo inadvertently aid some Texas Rangers and are sworn in as Rangers themselves. Loren sees an opportunity, steals a herd of cattle the Rangers are guarding, then lets Jim and Wahoo enhance their reputation by being the ones who bring the cattle back. Loren's friends turn a blind eye to his activities for a while. Calico is a worse villain, burning Pop's barn and causing the old man to have a fatal heart attack. Calico assaults a Ranger as well, and is ultimately killed by Jim. But it doesn't end there. Loren now wants Calico's empire for himself. He also wants Rannie, who has grown to be a beautiful woman. Jim, who loves her, calls off the agreement to look the other way at Loren's misdeeds. But he does remove a bullet when a wounded Loren hides out at Rannie's after a holdup. Jim resigns as a lawman, then vows revenge after Wahoo is gunned down. Now that Rannie can see Loren for what he really is, she wishes Jim luck as he rides to Laredo for a showdown. The former partners face each other for the last time, then Loren is killed.
Masoom	Bollywood	drama	Shekhar Kapur	Indu (Shabana Azmi) and DK (Naseeruddin Shah) have a happy marriage and two daughters — Pinky and Minni — and live in Delhi. The tranquility of their life is interrupted when DK receives word that he has a son, the result of an affair with Bhavana (Supriya Pathak) during his 1973 visit to Nainital when his wife Indu was about to give birth to their first child Pinky (Urmila Matondkar). Bhavana did not tell DK about their son as she did not want to disturb DK's matrimonial life. Now that she has died, her guardian Masterji sends word to DK informing him that his son, Rahul (Jugal Hansraj), who is nine years old, needs a home. Despite the objections of Indu, who is devastated to learn of her husband's infidelity, DK brings the boy to stay with them in Delhi. Rahul is never told that DK is his father as he bonds with DK and his daughters. But Indu can't bear to look at him, a tangible reminder of DK's betrayal. DK, worried by the effect Rahul is having on his family, decides to put him in a boarding school in St. Joseph's College, Nainital; Rahul accepts with reluctance. After gaining admission at the school and returning to Delhi before his permanent move to Nainital, Rahul figures out that DK is his father and runs away from home. After he is escorted home by a police officer, Rahul confesses his awareness of the identity of his father to Indu. Indu is unable to bear his heartbreak and intercepts Rahul before he is put on the train to Nainital, thereby accepting him into the family and wholeheartedly forgiving DK, after which they drive home happily.
Lak Yawm Ya Zalem (Your Day Will Come)	Egyptian	drama	Salah Abu Seif	A greedy man betrays his friend and falls in love with his wife, who is a rich lady. He kills him and marries the widow. He steals her money and jewellery and mistreats her. He is then arrested by the police and receives his punishment.
The Snow White Murder Case	Japanese	crime	Yoshihiro Nakamura	Yuji Akahoshi (Gou Ayano) receives a phone call from an old high school friend, Risako Kano (Misako Renbutsu). She tells him that her co-worker at a cosmetics company was stabbed to death and then doused in flames. Yuji Akahoshi decides to interview workers at the company and others that knew the victim, Noriko Miki (Nanao), for his television show. Yuji Akahoshi soon discovers that another co-worker, Miki Shirono (Mao Inoue) disappeared the same night of the murder. She was last seen running to the train station shortly after Noriko Miki's death. Yuji attempts to unravel the mystery of Miki Shirono.[3]
Money Ratnam	Malayalam	comedy	Santhosh Nair	Neil John Samuel is a showroom executive in Ernakulam. After the New Year party, fortunately Neel gets a bag of money. With the money, Neil reaches a village in Tamil Nadu. Four people with an intention to buy diamonds also arrive at the same spot. All are connected with the cash which is in the hands of Neil.
Thaamirabharani	Tamil	action	Hari	The story is set in the backdrop of Thoothukudi. Saravana Perumal (Prabhu) is a rich businessman and Subbiah (Vijayakumar) and his daughter Sakunthaladevi (Nadiya) are his business rivals. Bharaniputhiran (Vishal) is the nephew of Saravana Perumal. Bhanumathi (Bhanu) is a college student who falls for Bharani and keeps following him. Bharani comes to know that Bhanu is the only daughter of Sakunthaladevi and suspects her behaviour and hence does not reciprocate love. One day Bhanu goes to meet Bharani in an island and everyone gets arrested by the coastal guards mistaking for prostitution and later gets released by the local police as Bharani is highly influential. But a press reporter writes about this event as he has a vengeance against Sakunthaladevi. This angers Subbiah and he misunderstands that Saravana Perumal was the master brain behind trapping Bhanu in prostitution case. Subbiah and his son Velladurai (Nasser) plan to kill Saravanan but Saravanan escapes. Bharani gets angry knowing this and goes to kill Velladurai but he accidentally chops off Selvam’s (Akash) hand. Selvam is the younger brother of Velladurai and is kind hearted. Bharani feels bad about his action. Now Saravanan tells the truth to Bharani that Sakunthaladevi is none other than his wife and Bhanu is his only daughter. A flashback is shown where Sakunthaladevi does not like Saravanan’s widowed sister and her son Bharani staying along with him and wants him to lead a nuclear family. This brings up fight between Saravanan and Sakunthaladevi and she leaves to her father’s place. Bharani understands that Bhanu intentionally tried marrying him so that there is a chance for the family getting united again. Bharani meets Bhanu and apologizes to her and both gets closer. Bharani plans to get Sakunthaladevi and Saravanan united. Meanwhile, Karmegam (Sampath) works for Velladurai and expresses his interest to marry Sakunthaladevi with the plan of owning all her wealth. Velladurai agrees to this without informing to Sakunthaladevi and plans for a wedding. Bharani gets to know about this and he rushes to stop the wedding. Sakunthaladevi gets shocked knowing her brother’s intention to get her married to Karmegam and scolds him. Quarrel erupts and Karmegam gets killed by Bharani following which Bharani is sent to jail. Sakunthaladevi realizes her mistake and unites with Saravanan. Bharani gets released from jail after 4 years and returns home. He sees the wedding arrangements made between him and Bhanu. Bharani refuses to marry Bhanu and says that Subbiah and Velladurai are still angry at him for chopping off Selvam’s hand and Bharani insists Bhanu to get married to Selvam. Finally Sakunthaladevi reveals the truth that it was only she who killed Karmegam and Bharani took the blame and was jailed so that Sakunthaladevi is saved. Subbiah and Velladurai overhear the conversation and understand Bharani’s good nature. Finally Bharani and Bhanu get married.
Baadshah	Telugu	action	Srinu Vaitla	Sadhu Bhai (Kelly Dorji) is a notorious mafia leader who escaped India after various terrorist attacks and conquered the underworld of the entire southeast Asia, and no one dares to challenge Sadhu Bhai. Baadshah (N. T. Rama Rao Jr.) enters the underworld for his father Dhanraj (Mukesh Rishi). In the opening scene, Sadhu Bhai's partner, Crazy Robert (Ashish Vidhyarthi), captures Baadshah and his father as Baadshah revolts against Sadhu Bhai. But Baadshah easily defeats Crazy Robert's goons. However, Baadshah learns that both the Indian police, led by ACP Aadi (Navdeep) and IG Ramchandar (Sayaji Shinde), and the Hong Kong police are looking for him and he tries to find a solution for that. The story cuts to Milan, Italy where Janaki (Kajal Agarwal) is a social worker who has just finished her interior designing course. She lives there with her uncle, Pilli Gopi Krishna Simha (Tanikella Bharani), and cousins, Inky and Pinky. She meets Baadshah alias Rama Rao when he acts as if he is attempting suicide (to get her attention) as his fake, imaginary girlfriend Saira Bhanu dumped him. Janaki, who is not aware of the truth, asks him to spend a day with her, in return she will give him a hope for life. Janaki introduces him to various people who attempted suicide but found hope for life through Janaki's inspiration, one of whom is Dasu (Vennela Kishore), who wasn't actually suicidal and is a laid off slacker. But Rama Rao immediately discovers Dasu's true nature and buys him off to help him in making Janaki fall in love with him. Meanwhile, Ramchandar leads a police funeral for DIG Balram (Nagendra Babu), who was murdered in the line of duty. ACP Aadi speaks a few words at the funeral and promises in front of the media that he will catch Baadshah at any cost, who Aadi and the police force believe killed Balram. Aadi swears he will avenge Balram's death. On the other hand, Baadshah fights off Sadhu Bhai's henchman, Rakhi Rasul (Supreeth), who comes looking for him. But one of Baadshah's right-hand men is killed by Crazy Robert when he refuses to give information about Baadshah. This is when Baadshah's past is revealed. Dhanraj works for Sadhu Bhai and runs a casino in Macau through which Sadhu Bhai gets half of his income. Although Sadhu Bhai is the most powerful underworld don, along with his right-hand men Vikram (Vikramjeet Virk) and Rakhi Rasul, he was never able to conquer Hong Kong due to Violent Victor's (Pradeep Rawat) and his son Ruthless Johnny's (Ajaz Khan) control. When Dhanraj attempts to transfer the money from the casino to Sadhu Bhai through Hong Kong, Ruthless Johnny stops Dhanraj's henchmen and tries to steal the money. But Baadshah, Dhanraj's son, fends of Johnny's men. Impressed by his bravery and his fearlessness, Sadhu Bhai asks Baadshah to recover his henchmen Antony, who was kidnapped by Violent Victor. But unknown to Sadhu Bhai, it was Baadshah who kidnapped Antony. Baadshah demands control over Macau in return, to which Sadhu Bhai accepts. Baadshah uses this as an opportunity to attack Ruthless Johnny's place without suspicion from Sadhu Bhai, recover several flood victim children (with whom Ruthless Johnny planned to do illegal organ business), and kill Ruthless Johnny. Baadshah then hands over Antony to Sadhu Bhai as if he recovered him from Violent Victor. But Violent Victor surrenders Hong Kong to Sadhu Bhai to seek his help in avenging his son's death. Although Sadhu Bhai initially disagrees, he accepts the offer when he finds out that Baadshah was behind Antony's kidnap and played a game with him to get Macau. It is then revealed that Baadshah's original intent on entering the mafia world was to defeat Sadhu Bhai and conquer his empire with the help of his uncle Ganesh (Adithya). Sadhu Bhai sends his men to kill Baadshah but his uncle Ganesh is killed in the car instead in the process, due to Sadhu Bhai's men thinking that Baadshah was in the car. Baadshah goes as far as killing Violent Victor and defeats all of his accomplices. Sadhu Bhai then joins forces with Crazy Robert, Violent Victor's brother. Ramchandar, IG of the Indian Police Service in Andhra Pradesh, finds out that Sadhu Bhai is shipping a container of RDX from Hong Kong to India, and sends a team headed by DIG Balram and ACP Aadi to intercept the container. In Hong Kong, DIG Balram and ACP Aadi attack Sadhu Bhai's gang in a shootout. However, Aadi betrays Balram, and reveals that he works with Sadhu Bhai. Then Aadi brutally kills Balram. The container is successfully transported to India. Aadi then shoots himself so that the police won't doubt that he killed Balram. Aadi then makes sure Baadshah is framed for Balram's murder. Crazy Robert then kidnaps Dhanraj and captures Baadshah. This was the opening scene of the movie. Baadshah finds out that he was framed for DIG Balram's death and speaks to Ramchandar. Baadshah tells him that ACP Aadi works with Sadhu Bhai. Ramchandar is convinced that Aadi is a snake but finds it hard to convince the entire police department since Aadi is an integral part of that department. He tells Baadshah that Janaki is engaged to Aadi and that they will be married in a few weeks. Ramchandar tells Baadshah to get close to Janaki, which was why Baadshah met her in Milan and the rest of the story is already known. But in the process Baadshah falls in love with Janaki. Janaki accepts when Baadshah confesses his love. Janaki's uncle agrees to help them when Baadshah reminds him that he cheated Janaki's father by telling him that he is a police officer, when he is actually a film shooting coordinator in Italy. Later, Janaki, Baadshah, Gopi Krishna Simha, Inky, Pinky, and Dasu travel to India. Meanwhile, Sadhu Bhai plans several bomb blasts in all major cities in India with the RDX on the day of the WSIS in Hyderabad. Baadshah enters Janaki's household by posing as Wedding Planner Rama Rao. Janaki's household is headed by her father Dr. Pilli Jaya Krishna Simha (Nassar), a strict and disciplined Commissioner of the Indian Police Service in Andhra Pradesh. He expects all the men in the family to be disciplined police officers. But Padmanabha Simha (Brahmanandam) is lazy; he becomes an inspector due to Jaya Krishna Simha's influence. Because of his nature, Padmanabha Simha always gets admonished by Jaya Krishna Simha. Padmanabha Simha always waits for a payback opportunity. Aadi and his father (Jaya Prakash Reddy) arrive to Jaya Krishna Simha's house for Aadi and Janaki's wedding as well. Rama Rao uses this as an opportunity to trap Aadi and reach Sadhu Bhai. At Janaki's household, Rama Rao takes advantage of Padmanabha Simha and others in hopes of exposing Aadi. When Rakhi Rasul and Crazy Robert enter the city to carry out the planned bomb blasts, Rama Rao goes with Padmanabha Simha and fights the gang and kills Rakhi Rasul. Rama Rao makes Padmanabha Simha take the credit for the job. ACP Aadi and Padmanabha Simha attend a press conference following Rakhi Rasul's death, and Padmanabha Simha takes credit for the murder, shocking Aadi and the rest of the police force. Padmanabha Simha becomes a media hero. The RDX is confiscated by the police.  But Rama Rao's mother (Suhasini Maniratnam) finds out that Rama Rao is Baadshah while Baadshah is talking to Ramchandar. Although she is initially disgusted she finds out from Ramchandar why Rama Rao became Baadshah. Before Rama Rao entered the mafia, Rama Rao, his adoptive brother Siddhu (Siddharth), and his mother were living happily. But the day Rama Rao was to leave for the US, his brother was killed in a bomb blast which Sadhu Bhai planted. Motivated by the intent to kill Sadhu Bhai, who was behind the blast, he applies for a position in the Indian Police Service. But he gets rejected by the whole department because his father Dhanraj (whom Rama Rao thought was dead) was working under Sadhu Bhai, and no one with a criminal family history is allowed into the police department. But Ramchandar, impressed by Rama Rao's determination, tells him that his father was a very talented financial advisor. But since he did not get sufficient recognition in the society, he started working for Sadhu Bhai. But when he asks his wife to follow him with Sadhu Bhai when he is about to leave India, she rejects and later creates as if she and Rama Rao died in an accident. She also tells Rama Rao in his childhood that his father is dead. Ramchandar asks Rama Rao to go undercover as Baadshah and infiltrate the mafia to extract information about Sadhu Bhai for the police department under Operation Baadshah, and in return, all criminal charges against Rama Rao's father will be dropped. Hence, Rama Rao joins the mafia and turns into Baadshah, go avenge Siddhu and end ACP Aadi and Sadhu Bhai. His mother apologizes for not trusting him and Rama Rao reunites her with his reformed father. Later at the Sangeet ceremony, Aadi gets tricked and spikes the juice with alcohol, making everyone at the ceremony drunk. Jaya Krishna Simha gets enraged and has a public dispute with ACP Aadi and his father. Sadhu Bhai comes to Hyderabad and kills the police informer (Rajiv Kanakala) that notified the police of the RDX and Rakhi Rasul's location. He had found out from the dying informer that Baadshah and Ramchandar are behind Padmanabha Simha and that Padmanabha Simha is just a buffoon. Sadhu Bhai then makes ACP Aadi kidnap Ramchandar and capture Padmanabha Simha. Padmanabha Simha reveals that Rama Rao is Baadshah and finds out that he had been used. ACP Aadi and Sadhu Bhai then attempt to leave Hyderabad, but Baadshah intervenes in the process. Ramchandar reveals that Baadshah alias Rama Rao has been appointed as the new Assistant Commissioner of Police (ACP), and that he was hired when he recovered the RDX and proved his worth. Baadshah fights off all of Sadhu Bhai's goons and finally engages in a fight with ACP Aadi. He eventually kills Aadi and his father, Sadhu Bhai and his minions, and Crazy Robert, thus ending Operation Baadshah. The movie ends on a happy note as he gets engaged to Janaki, and Jaya Krishna Simha is happy that another strong police officer is becoming part of his household.
Come Fly with Me	American	romance	Henry Levin	Three air hostesses, based in New York City, are working for the fictional airline Polar Atlantic Airways. The three serve on a Boeing 707 making regular flights between New York, Paris and Vienna. Along the way, air hostess Donna Stuart (Dolores Hart), meets Baron Franz Von Elzingen (Karlheinz Böhm), an impoverished Austrian baron who turns out to be a diamond smuggler. Southern belle Carol Brewster (Pamela Tiffin) develops a crush on the plane's First Officer, Ray Winsley (Hugh O'Brian), who himself is having an affair with a married woman (Dawn Addams). The third air hostess, Hilda Bergie Bergstrom, (Lois Nettleton) gets noticed by a multi-millionaire widower from Texas named Walter Lucas (Karl Malden).
Belle Starr's Daughter	American	western	Lesley Selander	After the town marshal of Antioch is shot by Bob Yauntis, the newly appointed Tom Jackson sets out to apprehend the killer. But when he and his posse get to the ranch of bandit queen Belle Starr, they discover her dead body and the house on fire. Seeing this from a distance, Belle's daughter Rose mistakenly concludes Marshal Jackson killed her mother. Rose works as a waitress and Jackson attempts to romance her, but she is cold to his advances. Rose begins pulling off robberies along with Bob, who shoots the ranch's foreman, Lafe Bailey and attempts to avoid detection as a ruthless outlaw called Bitter Creek who is being sought by lawmen. Bob eventually turns his wrath on Rose, striking her and holding her captive. Rose escapes and turns to Jackson, who is in love with her. After being taken into custody, Bob is able to wing Jackson with a concealed weapon, whereupon Jackson shoots him dead.
Sadako 3D	Japanese	horror	Tsutomu Hanabusa	A mysterious, white-clad man drops a long-haired woman into a well. The well is full of women, all with long hair, all dressed in night-dresses. Thirteen years after the original film, two suicides prompt Detective Koiso and his partner to investigate a string of mysterious deaths. The deaths involve video played on devices; just before the deaths, a voice says, You're not the one. While Koiso is unconvinced, his partner deduces that the deaths are the result of a cursed video that online artist Seiji Kashiwada created. Akane Ayukawa, teacher of a schoolgirl who died, discovers the schoolgirl's best friend Risa had been looking into the cursed video. The video had been deleted, but the Error 404 message in its wake prompts the video to play when the viewer is alone. In it, Kashiwada allows himself to be killed by a long-haired woman. When the video ends, Risa is attacked; Akane arrives just in time to save her. The ghost tells Akane that she is the one. Akane screams, and the computer is destroyed. Meanwhile, Koiso and his partner scout Kashiwada's apartment, noting the furniture and decorative wallpaper, which look like a set. The landlady notes that everything is superficial. Akane is a telekinetic who displayed her power years ago when a maniac attacked her high school. Though she saved the school, she was branded a freak. Takanori Andō, son of Mitsuo Andō from the previous film, and a boy who appreciates her abilities, grows up to be her boyfriend. She soon realizes the video is targeted at her when, at their home, the video plays and the woman appears. Multiple screens show the woman attacking. Takanori and Akane run to a street, where they believe themselves safe, but a large LCD display truck shows a giant version of the ghost, who snatches Takanori away. Until his partner commits suicide in front of him, Detective Koiso continues to doubt the existence of the film, even when it is revealed that the original broadcast of the online video killed its initial viewers and employees of the site where it was uploaded. Koiso makes his way to Kashiwada's apartment, eager to find answers. He discovers the wallpaper is a horde of white butterflies hiding notes and history. Kashiwada had been attempting to resurrect Sadako Yamamura, as revenge against the human populace for persecuting him. He initially kidnapped long-haired women and threw them down the well, alive. However, when it was revealed that a body could not be found that way, he orchestrated the cursed video so that the video would find the perfect host for her. Koiso finds Akane, whom he'd interrogated previously, and the two of them journey to the old Yamamura household. It no longer has the inn, and a new decrepit mall was beside the well. However, upon approach to the well, a freakish-looking Sadako facsimile appears and attacks Koiso, biting his neck. The women that had been thrown into the well had become imperfect versions of Sadako. They attack Akane, but with stealth and resistance, Akane prevails against the imperfect Sadakos. When she arrives at the center of the derelict building, she discovers Takanori had been trapped in a mobile phone at the center of the room. A legion of imperfect Sadakos arrive, but her fear triggers her telekinetic powers, which decimates them. Akane is transported to the roof where the real Sadako has been waiting. Sadako says they are exactly the same, which Akane denies; Sadako uses her powers to destroy, while she helps people. Seeing Takanori with a knife to his throat, Akane trades herself for his life. Sadako agrees and goes into her. Akane is overlain with an impossible amount of the ghost's hair and is buried inside it. Takanori, now free from Sadako's thrall, destroys the phone. The roof gives and Akane drops to the floor below covered in Sadako's hair. However, she escapes alive. In a mid-credits scene, It was shown that just outside the building beside the well, Kashiwada's landlord moves away and her words, Isn't it all artificial? echo. In the post-credits scene, the intro to Kashiwada's video plays again. However, his introduction changes. Here we go again.
Babadook, TheThe Babadook	Australian	horror	Jennifer Kent	Amelia Vanek is a troubled and exhausted widow who has brought up her six-year-old son Samuel alone. Her late husband, Oskar, was killed in a car accident that occurred as he drove Amelia to the hospital during her labour. Sam begins displaying erratic behaviour: he becomes an insomniac and is preoccupied with an imaginary monster, against which he has built weapons to fight. Amelia is forced to pick up her son from school after Sam brings one of the weapons there. One night, Sam asks his mother to read a pop-up storybook: Mister Babadook. It describes the titular monster, the Babadook, a tall pale-faced humanoid in a top hat with pointed fingers who torments its victims after they become aware of its existence. Amelia is disturbed by the book and its mysterious appearance, while Sam becomes convinced that the Babadook is real. Sam's persistence about the Babadook leads Amelia to often have sleepless nights as she tries to comfort him. Soon after, strange events occur: doors open and close mysteriously by themselves, strange sounds are heard and Amelia finds glass shards in her food. She attributes the events to Sam's behaviour, but he blames the Babadook. Amelia rips up the book and disposes of it. At her birthday party, Sam's cousin Ruby bullies Sam for not having a father, in response to which he pushes her out of her tree house and breaks her nose in two places. Amelia's sister Claire admits she cannot bear Sam to which Amelia takes great offence. On the drive home, Sam has another vision of the Babadook and suffers a febrile seizure, after which Amelia makes a successful plea for sedatives to a pediatrician. The following morning, Amelia finds the Mister Babadook book reassembled on the front door step. New words taunt her by saying that the Babadook will become stronger if she continues to deny its existence, containing pop-ups of her killing her dog Bugsy, Samuel and then herself. Terrified, Amelia burns the book and runs to the police after a disturbing phone call. However, Amelia has no proof of the stalking, and when she then sees the Babadook's suit hung up behind the front desk, she leaves. Amelia starts to become more isolated and shut-in, being more impatient, shouting at Samuel for 'disobeying' her constantly, and having frequent visions of the Babadook once again. One night, Amelia sees a vision of Oskar, who agrees to return if she gives him Sam. Fleeing, Amelia is stalked by the Babadook through the house until it takes over her and finally possesses her, breaking Bugsy's neck, and attempting to kill Sam. Eventually luring her into the basement, Sam knocks her out. Amelia awakens, tied up in the basement, with a terrified Sam nearby. When she tries to strangle him, he lovingly caresses her face, causing her to throw up an inky black substance, an action which seemingly expels the Babadook. When Sam reminds Amelia that you can't get rid of the Babadook, an unseen force drags him into Amelia's bedroom. After saving Sam, Amelia is forced by the Babadook to rewatch a vision of her husband's death, to her utter despair. She then furiously confronts the Babadook, and is then able to make the beast retreat into the basement, where she locks the door behind it. After the ordeal, Amelia and Sam have managed to recover. Amelia is attentive and caring toward him, encouraging him with the weapons he makes and being impressed at Sam's magic tricks. They gather earthworms in a bowl and Amelia takes them to the basement, where the Babadook resides. She places the bowl on the floor for the Babadook to eat. However, as the beast tries to attack her, Amelia calms it down, and it retreats to the corner taking the earthworms along with it. Amelia returns to the yard to celebrate Sam's birthday.
Saddle Legion	American	western	Lesley Selander	When a town drunk, Gabe, causes a cattle stampede, then shoots the rancher who fires him, cowboys Dave and Chito bring him to a new doctor in town, Dr. Ann Rollins, and then to justice after Gabe conspires with wealthy Ace Kelso and other rustlers.
Are Crooks Dishonest?	American	comedy	Gilbert Pratt	Con artists Harold (Harold Lloyd) and Snub (Snub Pollard) try to con the not easily outwitted Miss Goulash (Bebe Daniels) and her father.
The Wedding Date	American	comedy	Clare Kilner	Kat Ellis (Debra Messing) is a single New Yorker who returns to her parents' house in London to be the maid of honor at her younger half sister Amy's (Amy Adams) wedding. The best man is none other than her former fiancé, who unexpectedly dumped her two years ago. Anxious about confronting him and eager to impress him, she hires suave escort Nick Mercer (Dermot Mulroney) to pose as her boyfriend. Kat intends to make her former flame, Jeffrey (Jeremy Sheffield), jealous, but her plan backfires when Nick convinces everyone, including her, that they are madly in love. Kat then feels herself, too, falling for Nick as he slowly falls for her. The night before the wedding, Kat discovers Amy slept with Jeffrey when they were still together, and that Jeffrey dumped Kat because he believed he was in love with Amy. Nick had discovered this fact a day earlier, and when Kat finds that out, she feels betrayed from all sides, and puts Nick off. He decides to return to America, and leaves Kat the money she had paid him. On the wedding day, seeing Kat distressed, her step-father (Peter Egan) asks Kat if Nick 'is the guy for you', and Kat realizes he is, so she sets off to find him. Meanwhile, just before the wedding, Amy confesses her betrayal to her fiancé, Ed (Jack Davenport), but professes her love for him. Ed, upset, chases Jeffrey out of the church and down the road. Jeffrey in distress of the chase, said he gave up on Amy and believes he's done nothing wrong. To which Ed, calls him a back-stabbing weasel, though Jeffrey believes he's still done nothing wrong because he slept with Amy before they dated. Ed shouts out that he was engaged to Kat, proving he was still in the wrong for what he did to Kat. Nick, driving away, picks up Ed as Jeffrey disappears into the woods. Nick and Ed talk about love, and Ed decides he loves Amy more than he is angry. To make it more clear that he should go back, Nick tells Ed if he went back the couple would end up having great make-up sex. To which, Nick helps urge him more to return to the church, so they end up getting married, with Nick as 'new' best man. Just before the ceremony, Nick tells Kat he realized he'd ... rather fight with you than make love with anyone else, and they kiss passionately. Kat and Nick begin a real relationship together. Amy and Kat now reconcile and Kat lets go of her anger and forgives Amy since she confessed the truth to Ed. TJ, Kat's cousin also apparently enjoys a moment with Woody after the wedding. Jeffrey, the main cause of all the trouble, learns absolutely nothing. At the end he is seen trying to get the attentions of a female neighbor.
The Steel Claw	American	action	George Montgomery	Capt. John Larsen, a Marine, stationed in the Philippines, loses a hand in an accident and is discharged from the Corps. An American general is held captive by Filipino guerrillas behind Japanese lines and Larsen is later re-enlisted to rescue him. He fastens a steel prosthetic hook, the “steel claw” of the title, and embarks on the mission to rescue the general which leads him and his team, (his pal Santana and a band of guerillas), deep into the Philippines where love and death await them.
Randy Rides Alone	American	western	Harry L. Fraser	Randy Bowers rides into town, and upon hearing a grossly off-key rendition of Sobre las Olas coming from a saloon, enters to investigate. He walks in to find the patrons and bartender all shot dead, with the song coming from a player piano, along with a note advising the local sheriffs not to investigate. The sheriffs arrive and immediately blame Randy for the massacre. Within the sheriff's posse is Matt the Mute, who cannot speak and writes to communicate—using the same handwriting as was found in the note. Randy escapes with the help of Sally Rogers, the niece of the dead owner of the bar, who survived the massacre by hiding in a crawlspace. Randy runs from the sheriff and ends up in a cave in which the bandits have their hideout. They kidnap Sally, who escapes with Randy's help. Matt the Mute is eventually exposed as the real killer and is himself killed when he enters the bar, which is filled with explosives. In the end, Randy and Sally are married, and they live happily ever after.
Black Limelight	British	crime	Paul L. Stein	It concerns itself with the murder of a vulgar young woman [Lily]. Suspicion rests on refined young married Peter, who has disappeared, and is known to have spent week-ends with the young woman in question, apparently with the full knowledge of his charming wife [Mary]. She, on hearing of the murder, does everything in her power to screen her spouse. There are, of course, police and detectives on the track, but while they are seemingly very active, they rarely turn up at psychological moments. Peter therefore easily gains access to his home, despite the fact that no one could mistake him, in his unhappy condition, as other than one fleeing from justice. Did he commit the murder?[2]
The Mark of Cain	British	crime	Brian Desmond Hurst	English industrialist Richard Howard (Eric Portman) visits Bordeaux , France to buy cotton for his mills from Sarah Bonheur (Sally Gray), He becomes enamoured by Sarah and spends much of his business trip sight-seeing. When his younger brother, John (Patrick Holt] arrives to close the deal, he also is attracted to Sarah, and after a whirlwind courtship, marries her. When living a lonely existence in John's grand house in Manchester, England, Sarah confides to Richard that she is depressed by her marriage. Richard encourages her to divorce John and run off with him. Sarah consults a lawyer, but finally ignores Richard's advice, and somehow reconciles with her husband. Seeking revenge, Richard then poisons his brother and attempts to frame Sarah for the murder. Dr. White (James Hayter) is suspicious of the circumstances behind John’s rapid decline, and after his death, Sarah’s purchase of arsenic casts suspicion on her. In standing trial for murder, Richard defends Sarah thinking he will win her love, but she is found guilty. Another suitor, Jerome Thorn (Dermot Walsh), is convinced he knows the identity of the poisoner, and comes to Sarah's aid.
Johnny Rocco	American	crime	Paul Landres	Young Johnny Rocco (Richard Eyer) is disturbed after seeing his gangster father Tony (Stephen McNally) involved in a murder. The gang, fearing young Johnny might tip the police, decide to silence both him and his father. Frightened, Johnny seeks help from schoolteacher Miss Mayfield (Coleen Gray) and gets some help from Father Regan (Leslie Bradley) and police detective Garron (Russ Conway) before his father has a final showdown with the gang.
Haddouta Masriya (An Egyptian Story)	Egyptian	drama	Youssef Chahine	The film is essentially a fictional biography of a self-centred, chain-smoking, highly-strung, radical realist film-maker named Yehia Choukry Mourad. It opens with him having a heart attack while directing a film. He is convinced to go to London for diagnosis and, subsequently, a heart bypass. The day before the operation, he spends time with his chauffeur. The film was daring for implying a homosexual attraction between the two men. Homoerotic tension was created by knowing glances that are exchanged between Yehia and the taxi driver.[2] Once Yehia is put under anaesthetic, the action shifts to a surreal, dreamlike court case held within Yehia's own chest cavity (the roof-beams of the court-room, for example, are Yehia's ribs). Yehia's inner child is on trial: feeling unloved by the adult Yehia, this child is attempting to kill Yehia. The child's witness stand comprises clear plastic tubes into which he drops white crystals, symbolising Yehia's arteries and the cholesterol that is choking them. As different witnesses speak during the chaotic court scenes, the film presents different flashbacks to Yehia's life, starting with his unfair treatment by a bitter, Catholic primary-school teacher. The flashbacks position Yehia at some key moments in Egyptian history: participating as a youth in riots against British forces in Egypt; starring in and directing a film which alludes to the 1958 Cairo Station; fruitlessly seeking Euro-American approval for his work at the Cannes Film Festival and in New York, but winning a prize at the inaugural Moscow International Film Festival; and making a film about the Battle of Algiers (1956–57), perhaps alluding to the 1966 movie The Battle of Algiers. The film portrays an ageing Yehia getting into trouble with censors, yet insisting on continuing to shoot his banned film, during which he has his heart attack. Yehia's relationships with his mother, sister, and wife Amal are a key theme in both the flashbacks and the court scenes. Insofar as they have mistreated Yehia, the film suggests that these women's behaviours arises from their own experience of and participation in patriarchal oppression. Yehia's mother is forced to marry and have children young; in turn, she imposes the same strictures on her daughter; and Yehia himself refuses to allow his daughter to pursue a love-marriage just before his heart-attack. Amal is similarly confined by motherhood and Yehia's own infantility. The film ends with Yehia's inner child being condemned to death and plunging into an artery with a knife to attempt to kill Yehia. The surgeon operating on Yehia succeeds in extracting the inner child, however, and Yehia is saved. On coming to from his anaesthetic, Yehia meets his inner child, makes peace with him, and the inner child merges back into Yehia. Here the film ends.
Stranger on Horseback	American	western	Jacques Tourneur	Rick Thorne, a circuit judge, rides into Bannerman and discovers everything in town is controlled by rich rancher Josiah Bannerman and his kin. He meets sheriff Nat Bell and district attorney Buck Streeter and asks why Bannerman's arrogant son, Tom, got away with killing a man without an arrest or trial. Offered no assistance, Thorne stands up to Tom and then jails him. He becomes acquainted with Bannerman's beautiful niece, Amy Lee, who is attracted to Thorne but doubts her cousin Tom is a cold-blooded killer. Thorne finds allies in Caroline and Vince Webb, who own a gun shop and are willing to testify with evidence against Tom in court. Thorne realizes he needs to sneak Tom and the Webbs to a different town if he's to get a fair trial. Bannerman and his men pursue them, and Amy Lee watches as Tom deliberately causes Vince Webb's death. In time, Thorne gets the prisoner to the next town safely, and Amy Lee goes to court to back him up.
Cyrus	American	comedy	Jay and Mark Duplass	Jamie (Catherine Keener) informs her ex-husband John (John C. Reilly) that she is getting married. Even though they have been apart for seven years, the news devastates John, who was already depressed. At a party the next night, John gets more and more drunk until he ends up urinating in the bushes, where Molly (Marisa Tomei) strikes up a conversation. Molly goes back to John's house but leaves during the night, after they have had sex. Molly returns for dinner the next night, and again leaves after they have had sex. John follows her to her house and falls asleep in his car. The next morning, he approaches the house and meets Molly's 21-year-old son Cyrus (Jonah Hill). Cyrus invites John inside and makes friendly conversation with him. Molly is startled to see John in her house when she returns, but the trio have dinner together. John is unnerved by the unnatural intimacy between Molly and Cyrus. The next morning, John cannot find his shoes, which he had left in the living room. Through the day, he gets increasingly disturbed by their disappearance and starts to worry that Cyrus is messing with him. He ropes Jamie into meeting Molly and Cyrus, in order to appraise his paranoia. Jamie finds Cyrus sweet, if a little overly intimate with his mother. Relieved, John returns for another night at Molly's home. As they begin to have sex for the first time in her house, Cyrus screams in his room, and Molly runs to comfort him. She does not return to John, who goes out looking for her in the middle of the night. He encounters Cyrus holding a large kitchen knife, allegedly making a snack. Cyrus says he had a night terror, and that Molly has gone to sleep. He then advises John to back off on the relationship because he is scaring off Molly. John leaves a note for her and goes home. In the morning, Cyrus sits Molly down and tells her that John had confessed to him that she was coming on too strong. When she presses Cyrus for details, he explodes in a tantrum and storms off, checking through the window to make sure that she is upset. When Cyrus finally comes home, he explains that he has rented a room and will be moving out. After a few happy days alone together, John decides to move in with Molly. One night, as they begin to have sex, Cyrus surprises them and says that he has had another panic attack and wants to return home. John confronts Cyrus privately, and Cyrus admits that he has been deliberately sabotaging their relationship. He moves back home, and John remains wary of him. The night before Jamie's wedding, he warns Cyrus not to cause trouble. At the wedding however, Cyrus is hurt when he sees how the event stirs romantic feelings between John and his mother. Drunk, he confronts John in the bathroom and attacks him, yelling that John will not take his mother away from him. As John defends himself, they spill out of the bathroom, into open view. Cyrus makes it look like John attacked him. John advises Molly to open her eyes, and storms off furious. Later, Molly believes John's explanation, but John will not continue the relationship, convinced that Cyrus will sabotage it and that he will end up alone in a few years. He moves into a cheap apartment. Molly confronts Cyrus about his behavior, and describes how unhealthy their intimacy has become. Cyrus reconsiders his position and visits John, begging him to come back. John opens his door to see Cyrus crying, and they reconcile. John takes Cyrus home and decides to continue his relationship with Molly.
American Outlaws	American	western	Les Mayfield	A group of Confederate guerillas are trying to raid the Union Army, very late in the American Civil War. The southerners are ambushed, but thanks to the sharp-shooting of Frank James (Gabriel Macht) and the distracting and at the same time clever antics of Jesse James (Collin Farrell), the guerillas manage to survive and pull through. The James brothers, along with their war buddies, the Younger brothers, congratulate themselves, but (during the ride to reconnect with their unit) are surprised to learn that their army has pulled out, General Robert E. Lee had surrendered the previous day at Appomattox, and the war is over. The group decides to return home to their families and farms. Things have changed when they get back to Missouri. The town is occupied by the Union Army, Jesse's childhood friend, Zee (Ali Larter), has grown up into a very attractive young woman, and there is a man hanging in the town square, ostensibly for treason against the North. In actuality, those farmers with large amounts of land are being pressured to sell their farms to the railroad company, who are pushing across North America. If they don't sell their land to the well-groomed, suit-wearing Thaddeus Rains, (Harris Yulin) and his secret-service organizer, Allan Pinkerton (Timothy Dalton) the farmers are burned out of their homes, or killed outright. Frank James finds that the railroad doesn't even need their land—they're just buying it as cheap as they can get, to push the railroad through. The James and Younger brothers don't want to sell, and Cole Younger (Scott Caan) loses his temper when several 'railroad men' approach him about selling, and kills two of them. The army decides to hang him (since they were working for the government, he faces charges of treason), but his brothers Bob (Will McCormack) and Jim Younger (Gregory Smith), along with Jesse James and Frank James, decide to rescue him, with some help from Zee. During the rescue, Jesse is shot in the shoulder, and has to hide out at Zee's farm. A few weeks later, when Jesse has recovered, the railroad sets fire to the James' home, killing Jesse and Frank's mother (Kathy Bates). The James and Younger brothers ride out for revenge against the railroad men—but instead focus on the bank's payroll, reasoning that 'you could kill a hundred railroad men and they won't care', but if they steal the payroll and attack supply trains, the army will sit up and take notice. Dubbing themselves the 'James-Younger' gang, they set out robbing banks, with Pinkerton and Rains struggling to stop them. The impact of the James gang is only increased when they commit the first daylight bank-robbery in history, turning themselves into folk heroes in the process. Eventually, the gang comes to blows over leadership, with Cole Younger feeling that Jesse is getting an overblown ego from the publicity of 'his' gang's activities. Jesse backs down, after a bitter argument, and lets Cole plan and execute a robbery; Cole's chosen target proves to be a trap set by Pinkerton and Rains. Jim Younger is shot and killed, and Jesse and his brother (who are tired of the killing and fighting) leave the gang, with Jesse later marrying Zee. The gang does not do as well without the James brothers. People don't respect the Younger brothers as much as they did the James-Younger Gang, preferring Jesse's easy-going 'nice guy' personality and his warm, friendly and accommodating manner, which had won the affection of the townsfolk in previous robberies. When Jesse and Zee attempt to start a new life, Pinkerton finds and arrests Jesse. During the train ride to the jail, Jesse is chained in a rear car, but manages to trick one of the deputies into showing his gun, which he uses to escape to the top of the train car. Meanwhile, Zee and the remainder of the Gang shoot a cannon at the locomotive, stopping the train and rescuing Jesse. Confronted in the final moments by the two men he's come to hate, Jesse shoots neither Rains nor Pinkerton, but rather Rains' prized watch, a treasured gift from his father. Pinkerton tells Jesse, through gritted teeth, that he should go to Tennessee, as 'the railroad has no interest in Tennessee', and therefore, neither does Pinkerton (since Pinkerton's being paid by the railroad).
Basic Love	Hong Kong	romance	Oxide Pang	A romantic story symphonized with the song of a triangular relationship between Ling (Elanne Kong), June (Janice Man) and Rex (Rex Ho). Ling got leukemia since she was a child; she hides the true feeling and health condition from her best friends, Rex and June. June who moved from China to HK when she was little, assists her mom to make a living hardily resulting in a self-contained character. The two girls are completely different in personality, yet they're frank with each other. June feels for Rex. Meanwhile, June seems to overlook an admirer, Hee (Xu Zheng Xi). It's graduation time, they're standing in front of the crossroad to their future, and none of them takes a step closer to change their relationship, until the day when Ling is admitted to the hospital, the long compression of emotion is broken.
Carrington V.C.	British	drama	Anthony Asquith	Major Charles 'Copper' Carrington (David Niven), who has a distinguished Second World War record and was awarded the Victoria Cross, is arrested for embezzling £125 from his unit's safe. Other charges include leaving the base and entertaining a woman officer in his room, this being forbidden by the base commander Colonel Henniker (Allan Cuthbertson). Appearing in his own defence, Carrington's case at his court-martial is that he took the money openly because of back pay owed him. The Army Paymaster had failed to pay him for expenses during postings in the Far East and his wife Valerie (Margaret Leighton) was pressuring him for money. She lives in another part of the country, and has become ill and suicidal as a result of financial worries. Carrington claims he told his superior, Colonel Henniker, about his decision to remove the money. He transferred £100 of it to his wife's account to give her relief from her financial problems. He then left the base to compete in a major horse race in which he bet the rest of the money on himself, hoping to be able to pay back the cash taken. When he fell from his horse, his friend Captain Alison Graham (Noelle Middleton) tried to return the money, but was denied access to the safe. As for the incident in his room, it is established that Carrington was bed-ridden from his fall and that Graham was visiting him to discuss the embezzlement. She was fully dressed and sitting on a chair when Colonel Henniker stormed in, reminding them that it was against regulations for male and female officers to be together in private quarters. Henniker admits waiting for some time between seeing Graham go to Carrington's room and then entering himself. Henniker is in fact Carrington's enemy, resenting his war record, achievements and popularity at the base. There is an element of sympathy for Carrington's actions and it is pointed out that the Major could be cleared if established that Henniker had forewarned knowledge of his intentions. He thus perjures himself at the court-martial by denying being told by Carrington of his decision to take the money from the safe. Much of Carrington's debts were due anyway to Henniker's constant delays in pursuing the Paymaster to give Carrington the money owed him. Due to her health, Carrington did not intend to call his wife Valerie as a witness, but decides that he will have to when the case goes against him following Henniker's evidence. She resents the idea of washing their dirty linen in public but finally agrees to turn up. Things go wrong when Valerie becomes suspicious of Carrington's relationship with Captain Graham. Under pressure, Graham admits to Valerie that she had a one-night stand with Carrington when they became stranded in a pub in the middle of a storm. But Carrington then insisted that a full affair would not be fair on anyone and ended it. He and Graham are now just friends. In her evidence, Valerie also perjures herself, denying her husband ever mentioned telling Colonel Henniker he planned to take the money. Carrington produces a letter she wrote to him in which she does mention his argument with Henniker. Carrington intends to only read the parts relevant to his defence, since the letter also contains embarrassing matters about the couple and Valerie's health. But when the judge insists that he and the other officials read it before it is submitted into evidence, Carrington tears it up. The officers who are to determine his fate have seen through the lies told in court and sympathise with Carrington. But the law finds Carrington guilty on all counts, which means dismissal from the service. All the regular soldiers at the base are near-unanimous that it is an unfair decision. One of them, Owen (Victor Maddern), was a Sergeant demoted when loyalty to Carrington resulted in him failing to co-operate with the investigation. His defiance in and out of court on the subject results in him being demoted again to a mere Private. Having made his grievances public, Carrington has decided not to appeal the verdict. His marriage is also over, but, with an attitude typical of him, he puts it down to the fact that Valerie is still in love with her late husband, killed during the war, and the father of her sons. However, in the course of gossiping about the case, a telephonist at the exchange admits overhearing Carrington's phone call with his wife and what was really said. The telephonist's testimony (if heard at the court-martial) would have provided evidence that Valerie was lying under oath. Without Carrington knowing, as he exits the court-martial building, the other soldiers rally around and display their support for him. Moved, he decides to go along with the appeal; and there is the strong possibility that when the telephonist's evidence is heard, the verdict will be quashed and Carrington acquitted.
Road House	American	action	Rowdy Herrington	James Dalton (Patrick Swayze) is a professional cooler (i.e., specialized doorman or bouncer) with a mysterious past who is enticed from his current job at a club in New York City by Frank Tilghman (Kevin Tighe) to take over security at his club/bar, the Double Deuce, in Jasper, Missouri. Tilghman plans to invest substantial money into the club to enhance its image and needs a first-rate cooler to maintain stability. Arriving in Jasper, Dalton eventually takes lodging at a local farm owned by Emmett (Sunshine Parker). He attracts attention driving his 1965 Buick Riviera and having a quiet demeanor—contrasting with the tough locals. Dalton's real car is a 1986 Mercedes 560SEC with New York license plates, which he keeps hidden (at a private garage and later under a car cover in his landlord's barn in Jasper) because it becomes a target for disgruntled bar patrons. Dalton is soon introduced to local business magnate (and next door neighbor) Brad Wesley (Ben Gazzara), who appears to have a stranglehold on the town; little happens without his knowledge and approval. In the course of cleaning up the violent nightclub, Dalton dismisses several unruly and corrupt employees, some of whom are connected with Wesley. After one particularly violent night where Dalton is forced to physically remove Wesley's henchmen, he suffers a knife wound. Going to the hospital for stitches, he strikes up a friendship with Dr. Elizabeth Doc Clay (Kelly Lynch), which develops into a romantic relationship. Wesley summons Dalton to his home in a seemingly innocent attempt to make peace, but has an ulterior motive: Wesley would like Dalton to work for him once he extorts Tilghman's club. He reveals knowledge of Dalton's past by mentioning an incident where Dalton killed a man in Memphis, Tennessee, then claimed self-defense at the trial. When Dalton declines, Wesley begins an assault on Dalton's friends, including interfering with liquor deliveries to the Double Deuce. Dalton's mentor, legendary but aging cooler Wade Garrett (Sam Elliott), arrives in town after a disconcerting phone call from Dalton and helps him defend a liquor shipment from Wesley's thugs. That evening, local business owner Red Webster's (Red West) auto parts store is destroyed by a fire after he refuses to give ground to Wesley's persistent extortion demands. Dalton, not wanting to exacerbate matters, allows Wesley and his men entrance to the club that night. However, Wesley deploys Jimmy (Marshall Teague), a violent ex-con and accomplished martial artist, to start a brawl with the Double Deuce bouncers. After a brief skirmish with Dalton, Wesley calls an end to the fight and leaves the club. The next day, car dealership owner Pete Stroudenmire becomes Wesley's next victim when he also refuses to pay. As a result, Wesley has one of his goons, Gary Ketchum (Anthony De Longis), demolish the dealership and crush four station wagons in the showroom with his monster truck (BIGFOOT #7) as Dalton and his friends look on with contempt. That night, Doc visits Dalton and attempts to persuade him to leave. However, their conversation is interrupted by a powerful explosion at Emmett's house next door. Dalton rescues Emmett from the blaze before his house is destroyed. He then witnesses Jimmy fleeing the scene and manages to intercept him. After a vicious fight, Dalton kills Jimmy by ripping out his throat with his bare hand. The next morning, Dalton receives an ominous phone call from Wesley, who vows to have either Wade or Doc killed. At that moment, a badly beaten Wade staggers into the Double Deuce. Believing Doc to be in danger, Dalton races to the hospital alone, but she refuses to leave with him, repulsed by his increasingly violent nature. Upon returning to the Double Deuce, Dalton finds Wade sprawled out on the bar with a knife lodged in his chest. In tears of rage, Dalton pulls the knife free and jumps into his car, determined to settle the score with Wesley. Driving his Mercedes, Dalton speeds recklessly toward Wesley's estate. The car draws gunfire from Wesley's henchmen, but when it crashes, they discover the car empty, and the knife that was used to kill Wade stuck in the accelerator. Using the distraction, Dalton sneaks onto the estate on foot and, one by one, dispatches each of Wesley's henchmen, eventually coming face-to-face with Wesley. Dalton gains the upper hand in their fight and prepares to finish Wesley in the same brutal manner as Jimmy, but decides against it. As Dalton releases him and walks off, Wesley seizes the opportunity to reach for a gun, but is promptly shot to death by Red, Emmett, Stroudenmire, and Tilghman. They stash the weapons away prior to the arrival of law enforcement and proceed, along with a surviving henchman, to corroborate each other's innocence, with the implication that what happened in Wesley's house will remain a secret. The final scene finds Dalton and Doc enjoying each other's company in a swimming hole, suggesting that they do get together and Dalton remains in town for good.
Pistols for Breakfast	American	comedy	Alfred J. Goulding	A young man (Fay) goes out to eat breakfeast with his friend (Harrison). As a restaurant regular with a pistol threatens to eat everyone's bacon, the two friends flee.
Mar Jawan Gur Khake	Punjabi	comedy	Aditya Sood	Jimmy (Jimmy Sharma) and Rocky (Tarun Khanna) are two enemies who are involved in fights/brawls daily. They both fall in love with Mahek (Gunjan Walia) who is already in love with a secret-gangster Karan (Aman Verma). When Karan gets arrested and put in jail by Inspector (Ghurpreet Ghuggi), Mahek's father, a bigger don that Karan asks Rocky and Jimmy to rescue him, although the two lovers do not know that Mahek and Karan would get married. When they rescue him and take him back, they seem to find out the truth and Mahek also finds out about Karan's real crime identity. When Karan shoots Jimmy, he survives but goes to the hospital. That is when Mahek tells him that she actually loves Rocky. Karan then gets arrested. The film ends with Rocky and Mahek getting married, as Jimmy comes to wish them.
Hobbi al-Wahid (My Only Love)	Egyptian	romance	Kamal El Sheikh	Mona is in a love triangle with Adel (Omar Sharif), an airplane pilot who she loves, and Rushdi (Kamal Al-Shennawi), a family friend of Mona, who she has rejected on several occasions. On the day of Adel and Mona's engagement party, Adel is bringing Mona's friend, Hoda, but there is a car accident on their way. When Mona telephones Adel to see why he is late, Hoda replies, consequently Mona thinks Adel is having an affair with her. She agrees to marry Rushdi, but after their marriage, he treats her badly. She conceives but after learning she has become pregnant, Adel hits her, thus making her miscarry. Hoda meets Mona secretly and tells her the truth. Shocked by the truth, she asks Rushdi to divorce her. Rushdi plans to murder Mona, but he fails, and his plan is discovered. Mona spares Rushdi from any charges in return for their divorce. She is reunited with Adel.
Pearls Bring Tears	British	comedy	Manning Haynes	Madge Hart (Dorothy Boyd) borrows a pearl necklace to wear to a dance, but then accidentally breaks it. She is further concerned because the pearls were only on loan to her husband as security for a business deal. Madge then rushes the necklace to be repaired, but when it is stolen, further panic ensues.
Bushido, Samurai Saga	Japanese	action	Imai, TadashiTadashi Imai	The story covers seven generations of a family, from the beginning of the Tokugawa shogunate at the start of the 17th century to the early 1960s, and the extremes various members went to out of complete devotion and unswerving loyalty to lord, country or company.
The Divided Heart	British	drama	Charles Crichton	During World War II, a three-year-old boy is found wandering alone in Germany. No family can be traced, and it is presumed that his parents and siblings have been casualties of war. The child is placed in an orphanage, from where he is subsequently adopted by a childless couple, whom he grows to love and accept as his parents. When the boy is 10 years old, his natural mother is found alive in Yugoslavia where she has survived the war as a refugee. She returns to Germany to claim her child, having lost her husband and two other children in the war. The film focuses on the moral dilemma of the situation: should the child remain with the adoptive parents who have given him a loving and happy home, or be returned to his natural mother who has lost everything else, and to what extent should the child's own wishes be taken into account? The case is finally referred to a three-man court, who will decide the child's future. As in the true story on which the film is based, he is returned to his biological mother.
Cry of the Werewolf	American	horror	Henry Levin	A Romani princess descended from Marie LaTour has the ability to change into a wolf at will, just like her late mother. When she learns that Marie LaTour's tomb has been discovered, she decides to use her talent to kill everyone who knows the location, because it is a sacred secret that only her people are allowed to know.
Getting Played	American	comedy	David Silberg	The film centers around three very attractive women who, after having many guy troubles themselves, decide to play a prank on a random man. Their goal is to seduce the man while catching the whole sequence on tape and ultimately humiliating him with the footage. Their plan runs into some snags, as the man they choose to prank knows what they are trying to do to him. A man named Mark Sellers (Bill Bellamy) then has sex with Andrea Collins (Vivica A. Fox) and Lauren (Carmen Electra) while they video tape the intercourse's, only for him to change both tapes. He then goes on a date with Emily (Stacey Dash) only to fall in love with her after finding that they both have a lot in common and they look good together. In the end, they admit everything to each other, and after five minutes of begging, disturbing a couple eating dinner who they think that they are on a hidden camera show, decide to forgive each other and start out clean and honest.
Trog	British	sci-fi	Freddie Francis	Set in contemporary England, the film follows Doctor Brockton (Joan Crawford) who learns that in the caves of the countryside, a troglodyte is alive and might be able to be helped and even domesticated. In the interest of science and the potential groundbreaking discovery of the missing link, she gets the creature to the surface. And while the rest of the townsfolk and police scatter in terror, Dr. Brockton stands steady with her tranquilizer gun and stuns the creature into submission. She brings it back to her lab for study, but runs into trouble as a few people oppose the presence of a monster in the town, especially a local businessman, Sam Murdock (Michael Gough), who is both afraid of negative commercial consequences and is suspicious of a woman heading a research facility. In the meantime, this creature, given the name of Trog, is taught by Dr. Brockton to play and share; and the capacity for language is induced by a number of surgeries and a mysterious hypnotic device that causes Trog to see or relive the ice age. Still disturbed by Dr. Brockton's experiments, and enraged at a municipal court's decision to protect Trog, Sam Murdock releases Trog in the middle of the night in the hopes that Trog will be captured and killed. Murdock's plan works in part. After being released, Trog wanders into town and kills the first three people he meets (a grocer, a butcher, and a citizen in a car), but not before he clubs Murdock to death. Trog then snatches a little girl from a slide on a playground and retreats to his cave. By now Dr. Brockton and the army have gathered at the cave opening. After pleading fruitlessly with the police and army to let her reason with Trog and safely retrieve the little girl, Dr. Brockton takes matters into her own hands and charges down into the cave. She successfully finds the little girl cowering in a corner. Trog initially behaves aggressively at the sight of the Dr. in his cave, but after a stern reprimand and a plea, Trog surrenders the girl. Moments later, after a victorious ascent from the cave, all of Dr. Brockton's work in the service of science and truth are shattered as Trog is killed, pierced by a stalagmite in his cave after being felled by a barrage of army bullets. The movie ends as a reporter asks the doctor to comment on the death of the missing link. Dr. Brockton—a woman of great learning and science—finds no words for her disappointment, and she simply shoves the reporter's microphone away and walks into the horizon stricken with grief.
Camp Takota	American	comedy	Chris Riedell	Elise Miller (Grace Helbig) is a twenty-something publishing assistant who is engaged to Jeff Sanford (Chester See), and just finished her first book, which is said to include unrequited love and the Loch Ness Monster. At work, Elise accidentally sees her boss, Celia Burrows (Rachel Quaintance), making out with Walker Paige (Sawyer Hartman), of the hit Midnight Moonlight series. Her friend Manda (Megan Duffy) takes some photos of the two, which Elise accidentally uploads to the book's Facebook page; this blunder costs Elise her job. She returns home, only to find out that Jeff has been cheating on her, so she returns to her old apartment. She gets drunk, and calls Sally Meister (Ellen Karsten), the head camp counselor of Elise's old camp, Camp Takota, whom she met earlier again after eight years, and tells her that she's going back to camp. The next morning, Elise wakes up realizes what she has done, and decides to head to camp anyway. Arriving with the Fefferman family, including their young daughter Penny, Elise finds that her old friends and former Takota campers, Maxine Reynolds (Mamrie Hart) and Allison Henry (Hannah Hart), now work at the camp. As the newest camp counselor, Elise has her hands full handling the campers, as she isn’t interested in the whole camp experience. When she snaps on the campers in her class, after they find the letters Jeff has been sending her to win her back, Maxine invites her to her home with Allison later that night. Elise reveals what's been going on, with work, her ex-fiancée, and wishes that she was more like a happier version of herself. As the three party, Elise spots Allison's acceptance letter from the Chicago Chef's Institute, then is startled by the appearance of Eli (Chris Riedell), the two girls' friend who works as a farmer. Giving her a lift back to camp, she finds that Eli had an ex-wife who cheated on him, and an attraction builds. The camp is visited by Jared Meister (John Milhiser), Sally's son, and his assistant Kyle (Jason McNichols), who want to turn Camp Takota into a more digital camp, because Takota has been losing business. Maxine soon gets confirmation from Sally that the camp will be closing after this summer, unless at least 50% of the campers pre-register for next year. She tells the news to Allison, Elise, and Chet (Cameron Britton), the camp's handyman, and they all agree to try to save the camp. However, Elise gets a call from Celia, who offers her her job back because the photos that were uploaded gave the Midnight Moonlight sales a huge boost, and agrees to publish her book if she arrives tomorrow morning. Elise takes up the offer, telling Maxine and Allison the news, which gets them into a heated argument because Maxine knows this isn't what Elise wants. Elise ends up revealing that Maxine is only saving the camp so she can get her promotion, and Allison got a career offer, and doesn't want Maxine to know because she is a control freak. Elise asks Eli for a ride to the train station, but he refuses because she's not just leaving Takota, she’s also leaving him, so she asks Chet for a ride. Allison talks to Maxine, revealing that she wanted to leave but was afraid of her reaction, but Maxine confesses that all she wants is for Allison to go and be happy. Elise sits at the bus station, and thinks about the camp and her friends, and soon returns. At the camp's final day, which is also Visitor's Day for parents; Elise, Maxine, and Allison put on a dance number. Later that night, Jared reveals the plan to replace Camp Takota, to which Maxine gives a tearful explanation over why they shouldn't allow that to happen. She then introduces Eli to the campers, who is also revealed to be a writer just like Elise, and tells a ghost story to them. Suddenly, Jeff interrupts and demands Elise to come home with him, but she refuses, with Jeff fighting Eli when she reveals he is her boyfriend. Jeff leaves in shame, and the night's events lead to 60% of the campers to pre-register for the next summer the next day, thus saving the camp. With the mission a success, the three girls sit and look out in the sunset before leaving. One year later, Maxine is the new head camp counselor at Takota; Allison is now in a culinary school training to be a chef in Chicago, and Elise and Eli are together, with Elise finally achieving success with her new book, Cabin Fever, all about Camp Takota, featuring a character resembling Penny.
Battles of Chief Pontiac	American	western	Felix E. Feist	Conflict between Ottawa Native Americans, led by Chief Pontiac, and the British.
Dark Command	American	western	Raoul Walsh	Mary McCloud (Claire Trevor) marries a seemingly peaceful Kansas schoolteacher William Cantrell (Walter Pidgeon), before finding out that he harbors a dark secret. He is actually an outlaw leader who attacks both sides in the Civil War for his own profit. After capturing a wagon loaded with Confederate uniforms, he decides to pass himself off as a Confederate officer. Her naive, idealistic brother Fletcher (Roy Rogers) joins what he believes is a Rebel guerrilla force. Meanwhile, Cantrell's stern, but loving mother (Marjorie Main) refuses to accept any of her son's ill-gotten loot. A former suitor of Mary's, Union supporter Bob Seton (John Wayne), is captured by Cantrell and scheduled for execution. After being rescued by a disillusioned Fletcher McCloud, Seton and Mary Cantrell race to the town of Lawrence (site of an actual infamous Quantrill-led massacre) to warn the residents of an impending attack by Cantrell's gang.
House II: The Second Story	American	horror	Ethan Wiley	Young urban professionals Jesse (Arye Gross) and his girlfriend Kate (Lar Park Lincoln) move into an old mansion that has been in Jesse's family for generations. They are soon joined by Jesse's goofy friend Charlie (Jonathan Stark), who brought along his diva girlfriend Lana (Amy Yasbeck), in the hopes of being discovered by Kate, who works for a record company. Jesse has returned to the old family mansion after his parents were murdered when he was a baby. While going through old things in the basement, Jesse finds a picture of his great-great grandfather (and namesake) in front of an Aztec temple holding a crystal skull with jewels in the eyes. In the background is a man Jesse learns is Slim Reeser, a former partner of his great-great grandfather turned bitter enemy after a disagreement over who would get to keep the skull. Reasoning that the skull must be buried with him, Jesse and Charlie decide to dig up Jesse's great-great-grandfather in the hopes of procuring the skull. They unearth the casket only to be attacked by the corpse (Royal Dano), who then shows himself to be friendly when Jesse reveals his identity as the senior Jesse's great-great grandson. Jesse and Charlie take the cowboy zombie, nicknamed Gramps, back to the house, where he is horrified to learn that the skull has not rejuvenated his body as he had hoped. Gramps and Charlie go out drinking and driving, and later the boys listen for hours to Gramps' stories of the old west and his outlaw life. Gramps explains that the house was built using stones from the Aztec temple, and that its rooms act as a hidden doorway across space and time, with the skull acting as a key. He charges Charlie and Jesse with defending the skull against the forces of evil, who are drawn to possess the skull. During an impromptu Halloween party thrown by Charlie, Gramps makes an appearance (though he is overlooked as it is a costume party), Kate leaves Jesse (taking Lana with her) after he is seen with an old girlfriend by her smarmy boss (Bill Maher), and Jesse and Charlie pick up two new pets in the Jurassic era, a baby pterodactyl and a caterpillar-dog, after a barbarian/cave-man arrives at the party and steals the skull. Bill (John Ratzenberger), an electrician and part-time adventurer, arrives to inspect the house's old wiring. While seemingly a buffoon, he pulls a short-sword from his tool case and leads the boys through one of those time-portal things...you see these all the time in these old houses. In the mystic past, the three rescue a Mexican virgin who was about to be sacrificed, who seems to like Jesse but throws things at Charlie. Eventually, a zombified Slim Reeser makes his appearance. Still after the skull, Slim shoots Gramps, who then gives Jesse his guns and reveals that it was Slim who shot and killed Jesse's parents when he was a baby. Jesse jumps through a window into the Old West, and eventually succeeds in killing Slim by blasting off his head with a rifle. Gramps, who has been mortally wounded, begins to pass away. Gramps says goodbye to Jesse and tells hims he is so happy to have met his great-great-grandson. Gramps then gives a final warning about the power of the skull, encouraging Jesse to get what he wants from the enchanted object and then get rid of it. As Gramps passes, Jesse embraces him in a hug. The film ends with the revelation that Jesse used the skull to travel back into the Old West, where he, Charlie and the rest of their friends drive off in a wagon, leaving the crystal skull behind, marking Gramps' new grave.
Ibn el-Nil (Son of the Nile)	Egyptian	drama	Youssef Chahine	Hemaidah (shokry sarhan) is a farmer who hates country life. He hates working in fields and taking care of the animals in his farm. Though unsatisfied with her, he marries Zebeidah (Faten Hamama), a woman in the same village. He is determined to leave the village, move and live in the city. He plans for his travel and asks his brother to look after his farm and family. In Cairo, Hemaidah falls in the hands of a gang, headed by a ruthless gangster. Not wishing to risk his life, he is forced to work with the gang and help them in their crimes. He is introduced to theft and harlotry, and one day the police arrest the gang. Hemaidah spends his time in prison and returns to his village after his release, regretting that he had left it.
Love Hurts	American	drama	Bud Yorkin	Paul Weaver (Jeff Daniels) is accustomed to playing around on his wife Nancy (Cynthia Sikes) from his baseball-playing days. When divorce papers are filed against him, Paul decides to travel to Pennsylvania and attend his sister's wedding. But Nancy and his two children are both there, making the situation uncomfortable for everyone.
Sweet Bird of Youth	American	drama	Nicolas Roeg	Failed St. Cloud, Florida, native son Chance Wayne has fled his home town, seeking to profit from his beauty and youth in New York or Hollywood (whichever of the two). When he fails as an actor and then a personality in both cities he turns to the freelance career of gigolo. As the traveling escort of his current employer, Chance returns to his home town of St. Cloud, in attempt to win back his childhood lover, escorting an aging, depressed, semi-alcoholic film star: Alexandra del Lago, who is running away from the negative criticism she believes is the public and critical response to her attempt at a cinematic comeback in a recently released film. Del Lago herself had been running away and burying herself in sex, alcohol, and drugs, until Chance recognized her while hustling in a Florida resort. He saw in her a last chance to build a relationship (taking care of her, while on their drive back to Hollywood, with him as her escort). He is using his perceived gallantry to entice del Lago to give him the imprimatur of stardom which he failed to achieve on his own. As he and del Lago were driving along the Sunset Route back to California, Chance hopes that he will reunite with his childhood sweetheart, Heavenly Finley, and bring her back to Hollywood, where - with del Lago's aid - they will both achieve stardom. Unfortunately once returned to St. Cloud, Chance discovers Heavenly is only a shadow of the girl he knew. During his last visit to St. Cloud, he had unknowingly infected her with a disease he picked up as a result of his own promiscuity. When she discovered the problem, she had to have surgery to cut the disease out and which, because of an unskilled doctor's knife, resulted in a hysterectomy and her sterility. Her powerful and corrupt father and brother are determined to make Chance pay for the injury done to Heavenly. Chance worries that he will receive the same fate (evisceration) as a black man who was recently attacked and castrated in the town. Using Alexandra's car and funds, Chance tries to prove to the town that he is a success, but his old friends call his bluff and see him for what he has become. Meanwhile, Alexandra receives news that the criticism she's been running from is actually praise and that her comeback could not have been better. Chance believes he will ride with her to the top, but Alexandra has no wish for a gigolo to besmirch her good name. His youth gone, Chance does not know how to move on with his life. Although she will not recommend him for a job in Hollywood, Alexandra urges him to continue as her escort, but he decides to stay and accept his inevitable punishment in St. Cloud.
What Waits Below	British	sci-fi	Don Sharp	The US military is running a test for a special type of radio transmitter, to be used to communicate with submarines, in a deep system of underground caves in Central America. When the signal from one of the transmitters suddenly disappears, a team of soldiers led by Major Elbert Stevens (Bottoms) and cave specialists led by Rupert 'Wolf' Wolfsen (Powell) including scientist Leslie Peterson (Blount) are sent in to find out what happened. Exploring deep underground, they stumble upon a tribe of albino cave-dwellers who have apparently been isolated from the rest of the world for thousands of years. The cave-dwellers are hurt by radio frequencies and are able to see in infra-red frequencies, tracking the explorers by their body heat.
The Phantom of the Opera: The Motion Picture	American	horror	Dwight H. Little	Christine Day (Jill Schoelen), a young opera singer in modern-day Manhattan, is searching for a unique piece to sing at her next audition. Her friend and manager Meg (Molly Shannon) discovers an old opera piece called Don Juan Triumphant, written by a composer named Erik Destler. Curious, Christine and Meg do a little research on Destler, and discover he may have been responsible for many murders and the disappearance of a young female opera singer he was said to have been obsessed with. While Christine is alone, she sings from the tattered parchment and blood seeps from the notes and covers her hands. Shocked, she discovers this to be an illusion when Meg returns. Christine auditions with the piece and during her performance, an accident with a falling sandbag renders her unconscious and shatters a mirror. She awakens in London in 1881, wearing opera clothing. A different version of Meg (Emma Rawson) is also there. Christine turns out to be the understudy to the diva La Carlotta (Stephanie Lawrence), who is both jealous and resentful of Christine’s skill. During this whole time, Erik Destler (Robert Englund) attacks the scene-shifter Joseph (Terence Beesley) with a blade high above the rafters for almost killing Christine with the falling sandbag, and blaming the accident on him. Alone in her dressing room Christine hears the voice of Erik Destler, revealing he is her teacher and an angel sent by her deceased father. Destler encourages her to practice Carlotta's part of Marguerite in Faust, saying that only she can sing the part. Christine complies. That evening, Carlotta discovers Joseph’s skinned (but barely alive) body in her dressing closet. The event causes her to scream and lose her voice. Christine is cast in the role of Marguerite, which causes a panic to the opera house owner Martin Barton (Bill Nighy), who favors Carlotta and the prestige she brings to his opera house. During the scene where Dr. Faust signs his soul to the Devil, Destler reminisces about a time, decades ago, when he sold his own soul to the Devil in exchange for people loving him for his music. The Devil grants his wish, but disfigures Destler’s face, telling him that only his music will be what people love him for. Christine gives a stellar performance, receiving a standing ovation, and celebrates that night with her fiancé Richard Dutton (Alex Hyde-White). She tells him of her mysterious teacher, to whom she accredits her success. A mildly jealous Richard asks to meet this teacher, but Christine insists her teacher is only a figment of her imagination. Meanwhile, Destler seduces a prostitute and pays her gold to call herself Christine for the night. Shockingly, the next morning in the papers, Christine is given a bad review by the famous opera critic A. Harrison, secretly done as a favor to Barton. Destler tracks Harrison down and brutally murders him in a Turkish spa after Harrison refuses to recant his review. Christine tearfully goes to the graveyard and prays at her father's grave. Destler appears as a shadowy violinist and offers her a chance at musical immortality if she will only go to him. Christine goes away with the Phantom in his stagecoach. Deep in the sewers below London’s opera house, Destler reveals himself as the composer of Don Juan Triumphant, which causes a spark of recollection within Christine and she sings the same lyrics from the beginning of the film. Destler places his ring upon her finger and warns her never to see another man again. Christine, through fear, promises she will not. Destler kisses her hand declaring her to be his bride. Richard goes to Inspector Hawkins (Terence Harvey), who reveals that the Phantom is not only the legendary Erik Destler, but has lived for decades, uses the opera house's catacombs as a hideout, and skins his murdered victims for their facial skin to cover his own hideous visage. Richard hears that the only way to kill the Phantom is to destroy his music. After hearing of Harrison's murder, Christine meets Richard at a masquerade ball and begs him to take her away. She fears the Phantom and really loves Richard. Erik, disguised as Red Death, witnesses this exchange and becomes enraged. He decapitates Carlotta, causing a mayhem, and kidnaps Christine. Hawkins, Richard, and the rat catcher (Yehuda Efroni), whom Destler has been bribing in the past, go quickly in pursuit. Back in the Phantom’s lair, an enraged Destler attempts to rape Christine, but hears the men approaching. He tells Christine she can never leave and locks her in the lair. Two policemen become lost in the sewers and are killed by Destler, including the rat catcher for betraying him. He returns to Christine who asks him if he is going to kill her too. Destler replies This is either a wedding march or a funeral mass. You decide which. Richard and Inspector Hawkins burst in. After a brutal fight with the Phantom, Richard is stabbed, set aflame, and killed instantly. Christine sets the lair on fire by pushing over candelabras and attempts to kill Destler, but he grabs her hand and tries to lead her away with him. However, a wounded Hawkins manages to shoot Destler. Christine pushes another candle holder through a mirror which sends her back to her own time. As she vanishes, she hears Destler's echoing voice screaming her name. Christine awakens back to the present-day in Manhattan and meets the opera’s producer, Mr. Foster, who comforts her and offers her the leading part. At his apartment, they have drinks and Foster goes upstairs to change and finds a blemish on his face, revealing that Foster is really Destler from long ago. He prepares to change his facial skin with synthetic ones he keeps in a special lab. Meanwhile, downstairs, Christine discovers a copy of the Don Juan Triumphant music score. Foster/Destler enters, reveals his true identity to her and lovingly kisses her lips. Christine pretends to accept him then rips off his mask, stabs him and escapes, taking his music. She tears it apart and lets it drop into a drain, whilst Foster/Destler is heard screaming. On her way home, Christine passes by a street violin player, whom she gives some money to. The violinist starts playing the theme from Don Juan Triumphant. Christine looks back and reflects on the music for a while. Then, very resolutely, she turns around and continues on her way, wondering if Destler is really gone for good.
Man-Thing	Australian	horror	Brett Leonard	At Dark Waters, a Native American sacred land containing an enigmatic swamp spirit, a teenager is murdered by a plant-like monster. The following day, young replacement sheriff Kyle Williams reaches Bywater and meets with deputy sheriff Fraser, who tells him the previous sheriff is among 47 missing persons since oil tycoon Fred Schist bought the ancient tribal lands from shaman and Seminole chieftain Ted Sallis, the first to disappear. Schist claimed Sallis had sold the lands legally and then escaped with the money. Schist then asked the sheriff for help: Local protestors opposed his perfectly legal activities, and mestizo scoundrel Renee Laroque was sabotaging his facilities. Williams investigates this while trying to find an explanation for the missing people, some of which were found brutally murdered with plants growing from inside their bodies. Photographer Mike Ploog and shaman Pete Horn tell Williams local legends about the guardian spirit, suggesting that it could be real. As sabotage and murder continue, Williams investigates the swamp with Fraser and finds the previous sheriff's corpse. Medical examiner Val Mayerik admits that the previous sheriff had ordered him to file the deaths as alligator attacks, even if Mayerik believed otherwise. Williams and Fraser try to track Laroque, who lives in the swamp, by using a canoe. At the same time, Schist sends the Thibadeux brothers, local thugs, to track and murder Laroque. The monster in the swamp finds the Thibadeux and kills them. Williams is ensnared by Laroque, who admits having helped Schist buy the lands. Laroque claims that Sallis was opposed to the sale; Laroque insists that the guardian spirit would keep on murdering until Schist stops desecrating the sacred swamp. Fraser tries to help Laroque, but the Man-Thing timely appears and murders Fraser; Laroque knocks Williams down and escapes. Williams wakes up and finds Ploog, who has blurry pictures of the monster; the sheriff seizes the photographs and forbids Ploog to come back to the swamp. The following day, Williams interviews Horn and Schist, with the help of schoolteacher Teri Richards' help. Williams starts having romantic feelings for Richards. Horn goes to the swamp and tries to stop the Man-Thing with prayers and sacrificing his own life. The monster kills Horn, but is not otherwise affected by his efforts. That night, Mayerik autopsies the old sheriff and finds a bullet. He tries to tell Williams, but he is back at the swamp, unreachable. Mayerik tells Richards, and she goes to the swamp to tell Williams. Meanwhile, Ploog had returned to the swamp, trying to get a picture of the monster. Instead he startles Fred Schist, who was in the swamp to murder Laroque. Schist shoots and kills Ploog. Soon afterward, Laroque ambushes and defeats Schist's son and minion Jake. Williams finds Ploog's corpse and reasons that Schist murdered Ploog. He then meets Richards, who tells him about Mayerik's autopsy. Williams concludes that Schist is guilty of several murders, trying to incriminate Laroque simply to avoid punishment. According to Schist's confession to Laroque, he murdered Sallis and buried him in Dark Waters. Due to the magic embedded in the soil, Sallis returned as the Man-Thing. Richards reveals that she can guide Williams to Laroque's lair, but the Man-Thing starts chasing them. He chases them to the drilling tower at Dark Waters. In the tower, Schist is leveling his weapon at Laroque in an attempt to prevent Laroque from blowing it away with dynamite. Laroque nonetheless tries to detonate his bomb and is shot and wounded by Schist; Schist then wounds Williams. However, the Man-Thing arrives and brutally murders Schist by filling his body with oil. The Man-Thing then moves toward Williams and Richards. Laroque sacrifices himself shouting at the monster and blowing the bomb. The monster survives the flames, but then is absorbed back to the land.
A Cop	American	crime	Jean-Pierre Melville	After a raid on a seaside bank in which a cashier is killed, four Paris gangsters flee with only part of the loot and with one of the men, Marc, fatally wounded. They put him in a private clinic and disperse. Their leader Simon owns a night club which is visited regularly by the police detective Coleman, to keep an eye on Simon and to pick up any information he can. Coleman also hopes to see the beautiful Cathy, who is Simon's mistress but spends occasional afternoons with Coleman in a hotel room. Fearing that the police will investigate Marc's gunshot wound, Simon sends Cathy into the clinic dressed as a nurse to give the dying man an air embolism. Simon's next project is to steal a large quantity of heroin being transported out of France by a rival gang on the night express from Paris to Lisbon. From a helicopter he is lowered onto the speeding train in the empty countryside south of Bordeaux, knocks out the courier with chloroform, and is successfully winched up with the loot. An informer told Coleman that the operation was planned and catching Louis, another member of Simon's gang, Coleman gets him to give up the names of his accomplices. After setting a tap on Simon's telephone, Coleman goes to the club and obliquely warns Simon that the police will be coming for him. Simon immediately telephones the fourth member of the gang, Paul, to warn him. Tracing the call, Coleman races to Paul's home, to find him shooting himself to avoid arrest. Simon then rings Cathy to come in her car and pick him up. As Simon emerges onto an empty street carrying an attaché case full of heroin, Coleman draws a gun and challenges him. As Simon seems to be reaching inside his coat for a gun, Coleman shoots him dead while Cathy watches helplessly from the getaway car.
Rag Doll	British	crime	Lance Comfort	Seventeen-year-old Carol (Christina Gregg) flees her small-town home to escape from her alcoholic stepfather, and heads off to London to live with her aunt. Once in London she is drawn to the sleazy excitement of Soho and finds work in a coffee bar. She falls in love with handsome young nightclub singer Joe Shane (Conrad) and soon they are a couple. She then discovers that Joe is a small-time crook on the side, with a gang background and a line in petty burglary. At work, Carol finds herself on the receiving end of advances from all manner of men, including her boss, Mort Wilson (Kenneth Griffith), who, though older, professes to be in love with her. When Carol becomes pregnant, Joe decides to do one last job to make the money to take them to a fresh start in Canada. He burgles Mort's house, but Mort catches him. After shooting Mort dead, Joe, himself severely wounded, goes on the lam with Caro.
Paper Tiger	British	drama	Ken Annakin	Mr Bradbury (David Niven), an apparently well-educated, ex-military Englishman is hired as tutor to Koichi Kagoyama (played by Kazuhito Ando), the son of a Japanese ambassador. Bradbury becomes a trusted friend, who boasts about his heroic service in the British Army, but some painful truths are revealed after he and the boy are kidnapped by political terrorists. It comes to the point when Mr Bradbury has to live up to the action man he makes himself out to be.
Creep	British	horror	Christopher Smith	Arthur (Ken Campbell) and George (Vas Blackwood) are two London sewage workers who discover a tunnel in one of the walls that neither of them is familiar with. Arthur starts exploring the tunnel alone, while newbie George stays behind. After a while, George decides to enter the tunnel too, and soon discovers Arthur, injured and in a state of shock. Moments later, a similarly injured young woman jumps out in front of them, crying for help, only to be pulled back into the darkness. The focus then shifts to a young German woman, Kate (Franka Potente), at a party. After hearing that her friend, Jemma, went to seek George Clooney at another party without her even though they had planned to go together, she decides to try and join her. She heads to Charing Cross Underground station, but soon falls asleep on the platform while waiting for the train. When she awakens, she is alone and the entire station has been locked up for the night. An empty train arrives and she boards it, but it soon abruptly stops and the lights go dark. While searching for help, she meets Guy (Jeremy Sheffield), a coworker who followed her from the party and whose awkward advances she kept rejecting. Guy, who appears to be under the influence, starts to flirt aggressively, and the situation quickly escalates into a rape attempt, only stopped by an unseen aggressor who drags Guy out of the train. Guy briefly reemerges, covered in blood, warning Kate to run. Kate flees from the train and runs into a homeless Scottish couple living in a storeroom, Jimmy (Paul Rattray) and Mandy (Kelly Scott), and their dog Ray. Kate explains what happened and Jimmy reluctantly agrees to help her by taking her to the night guard after she pays him. Together, they find Guy, horribly maimed and in shock but still alive. Meanwhile, Mandy, left alone, is also attacked and kidnapped, triggering Jimmy's despair and escape into a heroin-induced stupor. Kate manages to communicate with the security guard through intercom, but the man gets killed before being able to call for help, and Guy also dies of his wounds. Kate and Jimmy decide to walk through the tunnel to the next station. A train passes by and stops near them, and Kate fears he's the maniac killer driving it, so Jimmy decides to face him to avenge Mandy's probable death, but is slaughtered as well. While fleeing in panic, Kate falls into the sewer system below the station, where she finds Arthur's body, and from there she ends up in a storage facility with hundreds of boxes, where she finally meets and is captured by the killer, the titular creep: a hideously deformed, mentally ill hermit named Craig (Sean Harris), who keeps his victims in semi-submerged, rat-infested cages until they're dead, after which he eats them. Kate finds herself in one of these cages, along with George. Together, they manage to escape, and end up in an abandoned medical facility (looking like an illegal abortion clinic with a long series of fetuses lined up along a wall) where they find an unconscious Mandy strapped to a rusty surgical chair. Thinking she's dead, Kate and George move on. After they're gone, Craig puts on a surgical gown and mimics the gestures of a surgeon in front of a terrorized Mandy before he disembowels her with a bone saw while apparently mimicking an abortion procedure. Back in the railway tunnels, Kate and George find the disused railcar where Craig lives. Ray is there, and also old pictures of a medical doctor with a deformed child. Craig ambushes them, but George gains the upper hand. Kate has an opportunity to finish the creep but Craig parrots Mandy's pleas for mercy, which confuses Kate long enough for Craig to kill George. Kate tries to run away, but she's relentlessly hunted down by Craig. In a last, desperate effort, she sinks a hook and chain in Craig's throat, then has a running train rip it apart and Craig eventually bleeds to death. Tattered and filthy, Kate eventually gets back to the initial station when it's already the next morning. She collapses on a platform's floor; Ray the dog shows up and curls onto her lap. Mistaking her for a beggar, a man waiting for the train leaves a coin next to her; Kate breaks into hysterical giggles and tears.
Mehboob Ki Mehndi	Bollywood	romance	Harnam Singh Rawail	The film starts with Shabana (Leena Chandavarkar) performing at a singing competition in her college. She lives with her grandmother in Bombay (who is in fact her nanny), while her mother, Najma stays away from her in Hyderabad with her second husband, Nasir Ahmed (Jagdish Raj), who's in fact a pimp, not her husband and Najma, herself lives the life of a prostitute, however, Najma doesn't tell her daughter about this and Shabana doesn't have any idea about her mother's miserable life. One fine day, she is back from her college after winning a singing competition. Shabana is expecting her mother coming within 2-3 days, but the door bell rings and the postman comes with a telegram, which comes from Hyderabad, regarding her mother's illness. She goes with her grandmother and comes to know the truth. When her mother comes to know about this, she locks herself in a room and commits suicide by jumping from a window. In fact, it was Nasir, who sends the telegram to her, to make her come to Hyderabad because now, he wants to use Shabana for prostitution. But her grandmother cleverly saves her from there and take her to Lucknow, where her brother stays. When they come to her brother's house, they come to know that he has died a long time ago. His son is very happy to see them for the very first time and agrees to help them. Next day, A young and handsome Yusuf (Rajesh Khanna), who is the son of a wealthy businessman named Nawab Safdarjung (Iftekhar) who is physically handicapped and uses a wheelchair, comes to Shabana's house and mistook Shabana with her cousin, while she is sleeping and wakes her up. But Yusuf was mesmerized by her beauty and at the same time, both are confused. Yusuf comes to know about Shabana from her cousin. Yusuf's nephew's tutor leaves her job, when Yusuf's nephew teases her with a mouse on Yusuf's advice, who then arranges a new tutor, Shabana (Leena Chandavarkar), for his nephew, because Shabana (who had come to live in the house of Yusuf's friend along with her grandmother) was seen by Yusuf in his friend's home and he immediately liked her. He also appoints Khairuddin (Pradeep Kumar) to take care of his father. However, Khairuddin had arrived only with the intention of killing Nawab Safdarjung's son Yusuf. Shabana and Yusuf develop feelings for each other and soon fall in love. Nawab Safdarjung and Shabana's grandmother are happy with Yusuf and Shabana's relationship and they start arranging for their marriage. Just before their wedding, it is revealed that Shabana is the daughter of a courtesan named Najma, when she gives a letter to Khairu Chacha to give to Yusuf. Nasir also comes there to blackmail her to tell her past life truth to Yusuf and his family and disgrace them in society. He wants all the jewellery and cash from her. In between, Khairu comes to know that Shabana is his own daughter and he comes to her rescue by killing Nasir. Anwar aka Khairu tells everyone about his real identity and everyone accepts Shabana, being daughter of a reputed person Nawab Anwar Qamaal. In the end, Yusuf and Shabana get married and lived happily ever after.
Hothat Brishti	Bangladeshi	romance	Basu Chatterjee	Deepa Nandy (Priyanka Trivedi) lives in Taramati with her sister and brother in law Premendra (Raisul Islam Asad). Tired of being a burden on her relatives, Deepa goes to Kolkata to look for a job. She stays with her friend Aruna. Despite appearing at a number of interviews, she does not manage to get a job and decides to go back to Taramati. On her way back, a pickpocket snatches her bag from the train window. This bag contained all her certificates. The co-passengers chip in to pay for her ticket and she manages to reach home. Her brother-in-law makes a sarcastic remark on seeing her back. Meanwhile Ajit Choudhury (Ferdous Ahmed) boards the train to go to Jaisalmer. Incidentally the pickpocket had thrown Deepa's bag into the train after taking the money. Ajit finds the bag. During Ajit's discussions with a co-passenger we come to know that Ajit is an orphan. He has a curious hobby of collecting people's names and birthdays and sending them birthday cards. Ajit arrives at Jaisalmer and meets Haradhan Kundu or Kundu Singh (Manoj Mitra). Kundu Singh's grandfather had come from Dhaka and set up a hotel. However, the business floundered and Kundu's job became to help visitors get hotels etc. Kundu Singh arranges a room for Ajit. Here Ajit meets Rupmati, who lives next door. Ajit sends Deepa's bag with the certificates to her. Deepa is overjoyed and sends back a thank you note. This exchange of letters continues and Ajit and Deepa fall in love with each other. Meanwhile Rupmati (June Malia) is infatuated with Ajit and tries to learn Bengali phrases from Kundu Singh to impress Ajit. But when Kundu Singh tells Rupmati about Ajit's postal affair with Deepa, Rupmati is infuriated and confronts Ajit. Ajit calls up Deepa every Sunday and Deepa send a T-Shirt to Ajit so that she can recognize Ajit. Meanwhile, Deepa gets another interview call. Her brother in law Premendra arranges for the money to go to Kolkata and tells Deepa's sister that he will be glad if Deepa gets a job and has already identified a match for her. Over in Jaisalmer, Ajit is asked by the company MD to take new responsibility in factory to manage union troubles. Union leaders threaten Ajit. Ajit tries to quit job and go back to Kolkata. The company gives him a transfer instead to Kolkata. Rupmati asks for his forgiveness before Ajit leaves for Kolkata. Ajit bumps into Deepa (literally) at the train station but they don't recognize each other. Deepa harbours a dislike for Ajit and tries to avoid him even though they meet accidentally. Preeti (Sreelekha Mitra) is the daughter of the MD of Ajit's company. Preeti flirts with Ajit. Ajit discourages Preeti and spurns her advances. Preeti gets a job in Singapore but does not want to leave Kolkata. Deepa goes back to Taramati. A letter from Deepa for Ajit gets into the hands of Preeti. Ajit is not able to get a job and decides to drive a taxi in the meantime. Deepa's brother-in-law brings a marriage proposal for Deepa. Deepa meets the proposed candidate and tells him about Ajit. Deepa goes to Kolkata to look for Ajit. She goes to look for Aruna but Aruna wasn't home. Deepa gets into Ajit's taxi to go to Ajit's former office but still does not recognize him. Preeti gives Deepa the address of Ajit's former colleague and roommate. Deepa goes to meet Ajit's former colleague, who happens to be Prabodh (Shahin Alam), who had once proposed to Deepa. Prabodh (Kunal) reassures Deepa that he will try to find Ajit. Deepa gets drenched in rain and goes in Ajit's taxi to his friend's house. Ajit gives Deepa the sari he had bought for her without knowing her identity. As AJit was drneched too, he wears the T-shirt Deepa had sent him but covers it with a shawl. Deepa goes back to Aruna's house but she had not returned. So Deepa decides to go back to Taramati. Deepa's friend gets into the taxi of Ajit's friend. They come to know that their friends Ajit and Deepa love each other. Aruna gets the letter from Deepa and decides to go to the station to meet Deepa. Just as the train is leaving, Ajit removes his shawl and Deepa recognizes the T-Shirt. She runs into Ajit's arms as the credits roll.
Maniac	American	horror	Michael Carreras	The story tells of vacationing American artist Jeff Farrell who becomes romantically involved with an older woman named Eve Beynat, in southern France, while harboring some attraction for her teenage stepdaughter Annette. Eve's husband/Annette's father Georges is in an asylum for, four years ago, using a blowtorch to kill a man who had raped Annette. Believing it will help make Eve his for life, Jeff agrees to assist her in springing Georges from the asylum. Of course, Eve has a completely different agenda in mind. Inspector Etienne sets up a plot to help trap the real killer and the climactic scenes are set at Les Baux-de-Provence in the huge stone galleries dug into the rock of the Val-d'Enfer on the road to Maillane.
The Browning Version	British	drama	Mike Figgis	Andrew Crocker-Harris (Albert Finney) is a veteran teacher of Greek and Latin at a British Public school. After nearly 20 years of service, he is being forced to retire on the pretext of his health, and perhaps may not even be given a pension. He is disliked or ignored by the other teachers and while his pupils fear his relentlessly strict discipline, they are bored by his dictatorial but dreary and un-inspiring teaching methods. His younger wife Laura (Greta Scacchi), whom he has sexually and emotionally neglected, is unfaithful, and now lives to wound him any way she can. She is having an affair with Frank (Matthew Modine), an eager, young American science teacher who is highly popular with his pupils, much more lenient with class-room rules yet is able connect with the students. In his final class, Andrew, while reading from a Greek play, finally shows some genuine passion about the subject, giving a glimpse at the teacher he could have been. Andrew's nervous new replacement Tom (Julian Sands) expresses his awe at the ironclad control that the former exerts over his classes, but Andrew advises his young colleague not to follow his example. As his retirement at the end of the school term draws near, Andrew is approached by a quiet and sensitive pupil named Taplow who has detected the unhappiness and loneliness of his teacher and makes an attempt to reach out to him, saying that Andrew's Latin teachings have inspired him. Taplow gives Andrew a gift- a rare copy of an early edition of the 'Browning Version'- the 1877 translation by Robert Browning of Aeschylus’ ancient play Agamemnon. Touched by this gesture, Andrew's emotional guard begins to be let down for the first time. Increasingly aware of Andrew's isolation, Frank feels guilty about the affair with Laura and ends the relationship. Shortly before the end-of-term school assembly in which Andrew will make his farewell speech, Laura tells her husband that she wants their marriage to end and that she intends to leave him. The school's senior staff want Andrew to make his speech first, to be followed by the farewell speech of a younger, more popular teacher who is leaving to pursue a career as a cricket player. But Andrew insists on going second, even though the headmaster angrily says that it will give the ceremony an 'anti-climax'. To the surprise of everyone, including Laura who has lingered to watch the event, Andrew's speech is highly emotional and revelatory, apologising for his failures both as a teacher and as a person. Moved by the speech, the pupils and staff give Andrew a huge applause. Andrew, as a parting gesture of gratitude, tells Taplow that he has organised a place for him in Frank's science class which the pupil had been eager to join. Laura has a newfound sense of respect for her husband and the two part on good terms. As he watches Laura drive away, Andrew sadly but calmly faces the next phase of his life.
Premium Rush	American	action	David Koepp	The film has a nonlinear narrative. It contains numerous flash-forward and flashback cuts, indicated with an overlaid digital clock showing the time advancing rapidly forward/backward to the next scene. In chronological order: Wilee (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) is a disenchanted Columbia Law School graduate who has put off taking the bar exam because he could not bear to enter the humdrum life of the legal profession. He finds meaning and purpose in being employed as a thrill-seeking New York City bicycle messenger despite arguments with his girlfriend and fellow bike messenger, Vanessa (Dania Ramirez), who insists that he should make something of himself. Vanessa's roommate, Nima (Jamie Chung), has asked Vanessa to move out for a personal reason she doesn't disclose. Vanessa is in the process of packing her few belongings. Nima delivers $50,000 that she has saved for two years to Mr. Leung (Henry O), a Chinese hawaladar, in exchange for a ticket that she must deliver to Sister Chen, buying a place for Nima's son and mother in one of Sister Chen's ships on which gangs smuggle people from China to the United States. Mr. Lin, a local loan shark, has learned of the ticket and that whoever returns it to Mr. Leung can collect Nima's money. He approaches Robert Bobby Monday (Michael Shannon), a gambling-addicted NYPD detective who owes him money, offering to clear Monday's debt if Monday gets him the ticket. Monday begins searching for Nima, who decides to hire Wilee to deliver the envelope with the ticket to Sister Chen by 7 pm after Nima is told by Leung that anyone who knew she was visiting him is a loose end which could cause her to be in possible danger if she tries to deliver the ticket herself. Wilee and Nima conduct their transaction at the college where Nima is a student. After Wilee leaves, Nima is confronted by Monday, who sees the courier receipt Wilee gave her. He is able to steal the receipt from Nima. After Monday leaves, Vanessa finds Nima, and learns the contents of the envelope. Monday catches up with Wilee before he leaves the college campus, stating that he is a college official, that Nima had no authority to handle the contents of the envelope on the college's behalf, and that he would like the envelope back, with the receipt Wilee gave to Nima in his hands. Wilee refuses. He is able to escape, with Monday in pursuit. Wilee heads to the police station to report Monday, only to find out he's a police detective. Wilee hides in the bathroom, where he opens the envelope and finds the ticket. After he escapes the station, Wilee angrily tells his dispatcher, Raj (Aasif Mandvi), that he is returning the package so that someone else can drop it off. Returning to Nima's college, Wilee leaves the envelope, which is picked up by his rival, Manny (Wolé Parks). Before Manny picks it up, however, Monday calls the dispatch to redirect the delivery to a different address. As he is about to leave the college after returning the envelope, Wilee runs into Nima. He confronts her about the ticket, and she reveals the truth. Guilt-ridden, Wilee tries to catch up to Manny, who refuses to give Wilee his drop. They race each other and in the process, are chased by a bike cop who had earlier tried to arrest Wilee. As they approach Monday's location, the bike cop tackles Manny off his bike and arrests him. Vanessa, who learns of Monday's trickery and races over to warn Manny, appears, grabs Manny's bag and gives it to Wilee. As they are about to escape, Wilee is hit by an oncoming taxi. He falls to the ground fracturing some ribs in the process. He is put in an ambulance with Monday, while his damaged bike is taken to an impound lot, with the envelope hidden in the handlebars. Monday tortures Wilee by pressing on his injured ribs, and Wilee offers to give Monday the envelope in exchange for his bike. Wilee tells Monday that the envelope is in Manny's bag, and Monday leaves to search it, while Wilee meets with Vanessa in the impound lot. She gives him the envelope, which she had retrieved, and he escapes on a stolen bike. Monday, realizing Wilee has tricked him, pursues Wilee to Sister Chen's place. Meanwhile, Nima calls Mr. Leung for help. He deploys his enforcer, the Sudoku Man, to help her. As Wilee reaches Chinatown, he is confronted by Monday, who is threatening to kill him. However, Vanessa arrives with a flash mob of messengers, dispatched by Raj, who delay Monday by hitting him numerous times, giving Wilee time to deliver the ticket to Sister Chen just before the stroke of 7 pm. She calls the captain of her ship and tells him to allow Nima's family aboard. Outside, Monday is confronted by the Sudoku Man, who shoots Monday in the back of his head with a silenced pistol. Dying and feeling faint, Monday tries to get in his car saying that he just wants to think for a second, but dies before he can do so. Nima's mother calls her and confirms that she and Nima's son have gotten on the ship. Nima meets with Wilee and Vanessa while they are finally reunited again.
Qahar	Bollywood	action	Rajkumar Kohli	Krishna is the adopted son of a woman who found him on the streets. He grows up to hate the environment he lives in, as it is filled with crime and corruption. Krishna is determined to fight this menace. He is joined by Raja, a Robin Hood like character, who robs the rich and feeds the poor.
Oru Vadakkan Selfie	Malayalam	comedy	G. Prajith	Umesh (Nivin Pauly) is a 21 year old carefree engineering student, who has 42 back papers to clear. His close pals are Shaji (Aju Varghese) and Thankaprasad (Neeraj Madhav). Wanting to find a quick way to earn money and fame, he decides to try his hand at movies, and wants to assist none other than the renowned South-Indian director Gautham Vasudev Menon. His friend Shaji suggests that he make a short film and upload it on the internet. But the result is utter failure, after losing the camera in an accident. Umesh's father (Vijayaraghavan) orders him to help him to run his small shop. To avoid such a bleak future, Umesh catches the next train to Chennai,from his home town of Thalassery, Kannur. On the train, he sees Daisy (Manjima Mohan), his neighbour back home. Umesh tries to woo Daisy throughout the journey, but miserably fails. He lies to his friends that they are having an affair, tricks her into posing for a selfie with him, and sends it to Shaji. After spending 6 days in Chennai, realising that he is not cut out for the struggle to enter the film industry, he returns to his town in Thalassery where he finds a slew of people waiting for his return. He learns that his hometown is hot with news of his elopement with Daisy! The selfie clicked by him had created a big problem among his family and neighbours.He finds out that Shaji had been the one who told them. He returns to Chennai immediately with Shaji to find her and prove his innocence, where they meet a Private Detective Jack Tracker (Vineeth Sreenivasan),with whom he had fought earlier with, when chasing Daisy. With the help of Jack, Umesh finds Daisy and later it is revealed that she is in love with a man called Hari Narayan (Unni Mukundan) and wants to marry him. She also tells them that she had known him and communicated through social media like Facebook and e-mails but had never met him. Later, Umesh, Daisy, Shaji and Jack set out to find Hari Narayan and they travel to his hometown Pazhani. The gang later manages to go to Hari's house with the help of a farmer,who is also a Keralite. It is revealed that Hari had committed suicide one year before as his friend and business partner, John Mathew Bhaskar had cheated him in their business venture. John then used Hari's online accounts to cheat others. Jack then reveals that he is an officer from Tamil Nadu CBCID (Crime Branch Crime Investigation Department) economic investigation wing and he did all this to find the brain behind the online money fraud. He also says that the true intention of the guy in the Internet is to cheat young women and steal their money. After the set of confusions being cleared Umesh, Daisy and Shaji go back to Kerala. A few months later Umesh meets Nivin at a resort where he says Umesh that the cybercell group had found the real culprit, John Mathew Bhaskar (Bobby Simha). Nivin then lets Umesh to vent out his anger on John for cheating innocent girls as what he did to Daisy. Umesh is then shown walking to a nearby table and asking whether the man sitting there is John Bhaskar. The movie ends with the man answering yes and Umesh hitting him over the head with a bottle.
Corsair	American	crime	Roland West	College football hero John Hawks (Morris) lets himself be goaded by wealthy socialite Alison Corning (Loyd/Todd) into forgoing a job coaching the college team to be a real man, and make real money in the big city with her father, Stephen Corning (Emmett Corrigan), on Wall Street. He soon has more than he can stomach, making money by bilking the poor out of their meager savings with junk bonds. Mr. Corning tells John he doesn't have what it takes to succeed in the brutal world of share trading. John replies he will seek a new line of work where he will not go after elderly widows' savings. John decides to go after those who deserve to lose their money: bootleggers. He gets inside information on Big John's (Fred Kohler) rum-running operation from Slim (Ned Sparks) through his gun moll, Sophie. Sophie taps out the information in Morse code with her typewriter to a confederate who informs John of alcohol shipments. Hawks is a modern pirate. With his friend, 'Chub' (Frank McHugh), he captains the Corsair, a gunboat, which preys on bootleggers and then resells the cargo to their wealthy backers. He only forgot two things: that in the cutthroat world of junk bonds and margin calls, they don’t use real knives, machine guns, and bombs, like the gangsters; and the girl hiding in the hold.
The Man Who Loved Redheads	British	comedy	Harold French	Young peer and junior member of the Foreign Office Mark St. Neots (John Justin) is obsessed with the memory of Sylvia (Moira Shearer), a 16-year-old redhead he met at a party as a boy, and vowed he would love forever. Now older and respectably married, Mark still retains his image of the beautiful young girl with the red hair, and spends the rest of his life searching for her, through a string of casual affairs.
Rogue	Australian	horror	Greg McLean	While carrying out his research as a travel journalist, cynical American Pete McKell (Michael Vartan) joins a group of tourists on a crocodile watching river cruise in Kakadu National Park of Australia's Northern Territory, led by wildlife researcher Kate Ryan (Radha Mitchell). After a run-in with two locals, Neil (Sam Worthington) and Collin (Damien Richardson), the cruise winds to a close and Kate prepares to return the group to base. Everett (Robert Taylor) spots a flare in the distance, and Kate tells the group that they must investigate to determine whether someone needs rescuing. A few miles up river, they come across a half-sunken wreck when suddenly, something crashes into the tourists' boat, creating a crack in the side. Kate's only choice is to run it ashore on a small island in the middle of the river. The group disembark and begin discussing what to do when Everett is suddenly pulled into the water by an unseen predator and killed. Kate comes to the conclusion that they are in the heart of a large crocodile's territory and that it will be more aggressive than usual. The tourists realize that, by nightfall, the tide will start to rise and in a matter of hours, their small island will be submerged. Neil and Collin arrive soon after and, as they near the island, an unseen force smashes their boat and sinks it. Neil manages to swim to the island safely, but Collin disappears. As night falls, Neil suggests that he swim to the riverbank in order to string a rope between two trees, creating a zip-line that will allow the group to cross the river. Neil succeeds in setting up the rope and Mary Ellen (Caroline Brazier) crosses first, only to freeze in fear halfway across. Allen (Geoff Morrell) becomes impatient and aggressive and attempts to get himself and his daughter Sherry (Mia Wasikowska) across with Mary Ellen still on the line. While trying to secure the rope, Neil is attacked by the croc and killed. The tree holding the rope breaks and the three on the line fall into the water. They manage to swim back to the island, but as Allen crawls up the beach, the gigantic 23-foot beast suddenly lunges out of the water, rips off his right arm, and throws him into the middle of the river, where he is dragged under and killed. Later that night, Pete suggests they can delay the beast with a hook and bait on one side of the island while everyone escapes off the other side. Simon (Stephen Curry) is skeptical of the idea, but Russell (John Jarratt) agrees to try. Lacking bait, everyone suggests using Kate's dog, Kevin, but they decide to use two dead birds that Neil and Collin had shown them earlier. Kate hooks the birds onto the boat's anchor while Pete secures the other end of the rope to a boulder and throws the bait out into the river. After a long wait, the anchor is suddenly grabbed and pulled and the group make a break for the far shore. Russell assists Sherry's mother, Elizabeth (Heather Mitchell), who can't swim. Pete tries to stop the boulder from being pulled over as Kate swims across behind the group. The beast suddenly lets go of the hook and bait, seizes Kate, and drags her underwater. Pete hurriedly makes the swim across the river with Kevin in tow, and heads off into the bush to meet up with the others. As day breaks, Pete is crossing a stream when Kevin runs away. Pete chases the dog into a cave and falls down a narrow chute into a larger cave, where he discovers Neil's mangled corpse. He realizes that the cave is the beast's lair and, to his surprise, he finds Kate alive, but badly injured and unconscious. He attempts to carry her out but has to hide when the beast returns and eats Kevin, then enters the cave and falls asleep. Trying to reach the entrance carrying Kate, Pete wakes the beast, and it makes several attempts to kill both him and Kate as he retreats into the narrow confines of the cave. Finally, after a long fight in which he gets tossed around and is severely bitten on the hand, Pete makes one desperate last stand. He braces a broken log against a large boulder with the sharp end pointing out towards the beast. The beast lunges at him, and Pete successfully impales it through the head killing it. He escapes from the cave with Kate to join the surviving tourists and waiting paramedics. As the credits roll, the camera zooms in on a newspaper article detailing Pete's heroic battle with the beast and rescue of Kate. The article also states that authorities believe the beast was being territorial (having mistaken the boat's motor as the sound of a rival crocodile), while others believe that the beast had acquired a taste for humans.
The Sun Sets at Dawn	American	crime	Paul Sloane	A young man in sits in prison on the night before his execution, while his girlfriend waits for the inevitable in the prison governor's house. The warden and his wife sympathize with both of them. It is the first use of the electric chair in the state, and there are teething problems with its installation. Meanwhile, a group of reporters discussing the case, realize that the M.O. of the crime bears a similar style to that of a criminal, Parrot Farucco, who was supposed to have died three years previously. As the execution takes place off camera, a prison orderly collecting mail in the cafe identifies a customer as Farucco. He confronts him and is shot by the criminal, who is subdued and tied by other customers who happen to be prison officers waiting to begin work. At the same time the reporters rush in, back from the prison to use the Post Office telephones. It turns out that the execution has had to be postponed owing to electrical problems with the chair. Farucco is brought into custody into the prison governor's office, and moved by the distraught girlfriend's grief, admits to the crime just in time to prevent the second execution attempt.
Amar Akbar Anthony	Malayalam	comedy	Nadirshah	Faizal (Asif Ali), born and bred Kochi bike-stunt artist, gets injured during one of his bike stunts and gets hospitalised. He is admitted in the general ward, and there he meets other patients and begins to chat to know each other. His ward mates queries how he fell. Faizal explains the reason by narrating a story about his three best friends Amar (Prithviraj), Akbar (Jayasurya) and Anthony (Indrajith). Amar, Akbar and Anthony lives in a slum area in Fort Kochi, three of them are from lower-middle-class families. Amar is children's mini-kart driver in a shopping mall and is a lecher with a number of unsuccessful loves. Other than him he has four members in his family. His father Ramanan (Sasi Kalinga) is a security officer of a roadside ATM counter, his mother (K. P. A. C. Lalitha) is an expanding colony marriage broker and Resmiya (Srinda Ashab), an orphan women who lives together in their house with her daughter Fathima/Pathumma (Baby Meenakshi) after her husband flees away with her gold ornaments, for the marriage was arranged by Amar's mother. Akbar is a handicap due to Poliomyelitis. His father (Abu Salim) is a body builder and a Mr. Cochin winner and is still preparing for competitions, while his mother (Bindu Panicker) is the home-maker. Anthony works as a pizza delivery staff in a mall. He was adopted by his father (Pradeep Kottayam) when found left alone inside a movie theatre as a new born child. Three of them have a common enemy 'Nallavanyana Unni' (Ramesh Pisharody) aka Unni whom their parents consider as a standard benchmark to compare them. Apart from their usual work they occasionally work as catering service boys for marriages and other functions under Rejimon (Saju Navodaya). Rejimon loves to talk about the disasters occurred in others life and revels in them. His grandmother (Molly Kannamaly), a septuagenarian who have found freedom through mobile phone and engage in several social networking sites. She even once made Amar fall in love with her through Facebook chatting, through one of her fake profile as a young girl studying in standard twelve. All the three have a crush towards Jenny (Namitha Pramod), their neighbour and a dance-bar/cinematic performer. The three amigos have an ambition to go for a tour at Pattaya beach in Thailand with the immoral intend to score with women and flirt with modern lively girls. For this they save money from their monthly salary. For the trip they plans to save ₹25,000, to get the visa and ticket through Faizal. But every year when they manage to collect the required money, there will be some unexpected issues forcing to spend that money, each time. This time Amar's father was met with an accident (for which the cash was spend). He was saved timely by Ambulance driver Jadaayu Sabu (Kalabhavan Shajon) with whom the trio becomes friendly. Jenny reveals her love interest to Akbar. Later, Gentleman Unni gets arrested for illegally growing and selling marijuana. Meanwhile, Rejimon's grandmother passes away. As colony association annual day nears, the colony members gets ready for carnival programs which includes Jeni orchestrated dance program and Fathima's solo song. The inebriated trio make a fight during the festival because Akbar finds the man who punched him in a car park. During the chaos, Fathima goes missing. The next day, a boy comes to the family to inform that Fathima's body was found in a dump. Police verifies that similar girls under the age ten are missing from surrounding area and several of their abused dead-body is found in various places. Police suspect a habitual pedophile Bengali who was convicted for similar charges in Bengal and might have relocated with the migrant working community to Cochin, after his release. Identity of this man is confirmed by the trio and they find him. However, before invoking their final vengeance they are intervened by the Police and to their shock are informed that it wasn't the Bengali who killed their Fathima but the colony's beloved Sir (V. K. Sreeraman), he was outed by a victim of his pedophilic abuse. Both the Bengali and the Sir are brutally murdered as a social justice and cleansing of the community by the people of the colony. The police knowing the legal protection that these criminals would have turns a blind-eye condoning to the people's justice. Faizal, ends his story with this and ward mates sympathize with his story and reminds him that he didn't tell how this story is related to his broken leg. It is revealed that Faizal was their travel agent for Pattaya tour and the trip for ₹25,000 was a lie for him to get ₹25,000 and it had resulted in his accident that broke his leg as the proverb says If the dumb is cheated by the miser, the miser gets cheated by God. Later the trio are shown donating a prime share of their money to Child Save Social Work Projects and the much alluded secret song that Anthony uses to make women fall flat in love with him is disclosed as the anti-popular meme of the song Puthiya Mukham.
Ghost Ship	American	horror	Steve Beck	In May 1962, aboard the Italian ocean liner SS Antonia Graza, dozens of wealthy passengers dance to the song Senza Fine sung by Francesca, an Italian lounge singer. A young girl, Katie Harwood, sits alone until the ship's captain offers to dance with her on the exterior dance floor. Elsewhere, a hand presses a lever that unravels a thin wire cord from a spool. The spool snaps and the wire whips across the dance floor, bisecting the dancers. Forty years later, at a bar, a boat salvage crew — Captain Sean Murphy, Maureen Epps, Greer, Dodge, Munder, and Santos — celebrate their recent success. Jack Ferriman, a Canadian weather service pilot, approaches them and says he spotted a vessel adrift in the Bering Sea. Because the ship is in international waters, it can be claimed by whoever brings it to port. The crew sets out on the Arctic Warrior, an ocean salvage tugboat. The ship is the Antonia Graza, which was believed to be lost at sea. As they prepare to tow it, they discover it contains a large quantity of gold. After a series of supernatural events, the group decides to abandon the salvage effort but take the gold, but an invisible force sabotages the Arctic Warrior. The tugboat explodes as its engine is restarted, killing Santos. Left with no other option, the group begins repairing the Antonia Graza. Greer encounters Francesca, who seduces him into betraying the fiancée he has ashore, then leads him off a precipice to his death. Captain Murphy enters the captain's cabin and finds his ghost. The captain explains that they recovered the gold from a sinking cruise ship, the Lorelei, along with a sole survivor. Murphy is shown a picture of the survivor, whom he recognizes. He rushes to tell the others, but begins hallucinating and sees everyone as the ghost of the burned Santos, who provokes him into a murderous rage. The others think Murphy has gone mad and lock him in the drained fish tank, where Epps later finds him drowned. Epps meets Katie's ghost, who reveals what happened on the Graza. The sole survivor of the Lorelei convinced the Graza's crew to murder the passengers for the gold. Once the passengers were killed, the crew turned on one another; soon, only a single officer was left, but he was later killed by Francesca. Another man, the mastermind behind the massacre, then killed Francesca by mystical means and branded her palm with a hook-shaped symbol using only his hands. The man is revealed as Jack Ferriman, who is actually a demonic spirit. Epps deduces that Ferriman lured the salvage team to the Graza to repair it, and decides to sink it to thwart his plan. While Munder is crushed under the ship's gears while scuba diving in a flooded area, Epps tells Dodge to keep Jack on the ship's bridge while she secretly sets explosives. When Ferriman realizes that Dodge is on to his secret, he walks towards Dodge while insulting him for not being man enough to act upon his feelings for Epps. Dodge threatens to shoot Ferriman, who simply smiles and says that murderers go to hell. Dodge shoots and Ferriman is seemingly killed. Epps is below decks setting explosives when she is confronted by Dodge. He tells her he has killed Ferriman and that they can salvage the gold to start a life together, but Epps is made suspicious by this unexpected romantic proposal and Dodge's apparent knowledge of the deaths of the rest of the crew despite not being told of them. Realizing that his ruse has failed, Dodge morphs into Jack Ferriman, who has killed the real Dodge. Ferriman describes himself as a salvager of souls, a job he earned by a lifetime of sin. He plans to use the Antonia Graza and the gold as a trap to continue collecting souls. Only the souls of sinners can be readily controlled, through the mark he brands them with, and as long as the Graza is kept afloat the soul of everyone who has died aboard the ship will be dragged down when Ferriman has filled his quota and returns to hell, something which will please the management. He offers to spare Epps's life in exchange for her not interfering but she detonates the explosives. Ferriman is blown to pieces in the explosion and Katie helps Epps escape the sinking ship. Katie wordlessly bids farewell to Epps before she and the other unmarked souls trapped on the ship ascend to heaven. Drifting on the open sea, Epps is found by a cruise ship and returned to land. As she is loaded into an ambulance, she sees the battered crates of gold being loaded onto the cruise ship by crewmen overseen by Ferriman, who glares at her and carries on; she screams as the ambulance doors close.
Virsa	Punjabi	romance	Pankaj Batra	Virsa is the story of Nawaz Ali and Ranvir Singh Grewal and their families. Nawaz Ali hails from Lahore in Pakistan and Ranvir Singh Grewal belongs to a village, Jakopur, in Punjab, India. About 20 years ago, both of them migrated to Sydney, Australia, in search of work, where they met and became the best of friends. Gradually, their hard work paid off. Ranvir opened an Indian restaurant, which became a runaway success. Nawaz Ali opened a shop opposite Ranvir’s restaurant. It did well and he could manage to lead a comfortable life but he was not as successful as Ranvir. Nawaz Ali was very grounded in his culture and values and this helped him to remain level-headed and not get carried away by the comforts of life in Australia. He never lost sight of what was morally and ethically right and stood by his Asian values. On the other hand, Ranvir got carried away by his success. He felt that he was superior to the other Indians and Asians who were not as successful. He found merit in all things associated with the white folks – their lifestyle, their values and culture, their behaviour and mannerisms – and looked down upon his Indian upbringing and values. He had no more use for ethics and morality. He became very conscious of his money, status and reputation. The difference in outlook and behaviour drive the two friends apart until they reach a point where Ranvir stops talking to Nawaz. However, Nawaz still cares for his friend and tries to keep their friendship alive. As the film opens, Ranvir and Nawaz are well settled in Australia with their respective families. Nawaz has one son, Amaan Ali and Ranvir has a son, Yuvraj, and a daughter, Meet. Amaan and Yuvraj are roughly the same age and best buddies since childhood, despite the rift between their fathers. However, the difference in the thinkings of the two fathers is reflected in the personalities of their sons. Amaan is a sensible, level-headed young man. He is strongly grounded in and comfortable with his Asian identity. However, he is contemporary in his outlook. He does a fine balance of sticking to his values even as he adapts to the society around him and its mores and traditions. Yuvraj is the exact opposite of Amaan. Due to Ranvir’s indulgent attitude, Yuvraj grows up to be a rich, spoilt brat. He also feels closer to the white folks than to the Asians around him. He has no idea of Indian culture or values, no ethics and no morals. He loves women, booze, drugs... Yuvraj’s sister, Meet, is quite like him in her values, upbringing and behaviour. She is going steady with a white young man but is not sure how her father will react to this development. However, she also has a special relationship with Amaan. Nothing is said but she instictively feels that she can always depend on his help, that he will always be there for her. Amaan too feels an instinctive pull towards her but waits for the right time to tell her of his love for her. Ranvir feels that the people in his village look down upon him because they feel that he is not a good son, since his father, Sardar Joginder Singh, lives here all alone. Sardarji wants to stay in Punjab, till his last breath. Ranvir cons Sardarji into going with him. In Australia, however, things are very different. The cost of living is high and labour is expensive. Ranvir enlists Sardarji’s help for his restaurant. Gradually, Sardarji’s status becomes no more than that of a paid servant. One night, at a party, Yuvraj meets Mahi. Mahi has come from Punjab to Sydney for her studies. She is a modern-day young Indian woman, contemporary but with a solid foundation in Indian values and culture. She is beautiful, sexy, intelligent and confident. As they fall in love, she tries to reform him and for some time, it seems as though he will sort his life out. But old habits die hard. Yuvraj gradually falls back into his old ways and Mahi is unable to stop him. Will Ranvir ever see Nawaz’s point of view and will they ever be friends again? Will Sardarji remain a prisoner to his son’s whims or will he rebel against him and return to Punjab? Will Yuvraj ever understand ethics and morality? Will Mahi return to Yuvraj? Will Ranvir accept a white boyfriend for Meet? And Amaan, who loves Meet – will he ever tell her about his love? As Virsa answers these and other questions, it makes a strong statement about remaining true to one’s values, culture and upbringing even as we constantly adapt and adjust to the society around us. It explores ways of addressing the identity conflicts of immigrant Asians in Western societies so that the succeeding generations can benefit from the best facets of both the cultures.
A Bullet Is Waiting	American	western	John Farrow	A small plane carrying Frank Munson and a handcuffed prisoner, Ed Stone, crashes in the California wilderness. Ed knocks out Frank, unlocks the cuffs and flees, coming upon a woman called Cally tending to sheep, seemingly by herself in a remote cabin. Frank follows and identifies himself as a Utah lawman who after tracking Ed for nearly two years finally caught up with him. Cally is hesitant to trust either stranger. She is an educated woman whose father, a former college professor, is living with her but is currently away. As a torrential rain falls, Ed attempts to escape, but the passage is flooded. Cally tries to warn him, but pulls a knife when Ed tries to kiss her. At the cabin, Frank has no weapon and searches for a rifle Cally has hidden. Ed returns and, while trapped there during the storm, explains to Cally that he shot Frank's brother in self-defense, whereupon Frank had himself deputized but intends to kill him rather than bring him to justice. Cally's father returns and is startled to find two men there. He hears their stories and, aware that his daughter is falling in love with Ed, offers him a chance to turn himself in to other authorities. With a gun in his hand and a single bullet in the chamber, Ed proves his intent by refusing to shoot Frank when he has the chance. He sets off to surrender himself to the actual police.
The Man Who Captured Eichmann	American	drama	William A. Graham	Set in 1960, the story follows the efforts of the Mossad, the Israeli Secret Service, to find former SS Colonel Adolf Eichmann, who ran from Germany to Argentina and took the name Ricardo Klement. He was wanted for the murders of both Europeans and Jews during the Holocaust. Learning of Eichmann's living in Argentina, the Mossad sends a team to capture him, led by agent Peter Malkin. The standing order: bring Eichmann back alive to Israel for trial. The film ends with the take-off of the El Al aircraft taking Eichmann to face trial in Jerusalem. In real life, this aircraft was a turboprop-powered Bristol Britannia. However, the Britannia aircraft had a very short operational life, due to passenger demand for jets, and none were available for the movie. A Boeing 707-320B was therefore used instead, even though that particular marque of 707 did not fly until 1962.
Child's Play 2	American	horror	John Lafia	Two years after Chucky was destroyed by the Barclays and detective Mike Norris, the killer Good Guy doll Chucky (voiced by Brad Dourif) is rebuilt from scratch by the PlayPals company to prove there is no fault with the dolls. As a result of Andy Barclay (Alex Vincent) blaming Chucky for the murders committed, the company has suffered. One of the men working on Chucky is killed by electrocution; as a result, the CEO of the company Mr. Sullivan (Peter Haskell) orders his assistant Mattson (Greg Germann) to cover the accident and get rid of Chucky. Meanwhile, Andy is now in foster care, due to his mother being in a mental hospital for supporting his story about Chucky. Andy is adopted by Phil (Gerrit Graham) and Joanne Simpson (Jenny Agutter). In his new home, Andy meets his new foster sister Kyle (Christine Elise). After work, Mattson goes to a corner store and while he leaves his car, Chucky uses the car phone to ring Grace Poole (Grace Zabriskie), the manager of Andy's foster center. He claims to be a relative of Andy's in order to get his new address. He then hijacks the car and orders Mattson to drive outside the Simpson household at gunpoint. Chucky then kills him by suffocating him with a plastic bag. In the house, Chucky accidentally activates Tommy, another Good-Guy doll, and destroys him with Joanne's ornament. Chucky then buries the doll in the garden and takes his place as Tommy. Phil punishes the children believing one of them broke the ornament. After Andy spends the rest of the day with Kyle, Chucky waits for nightfall and ties up Andy in order to possess him, but the ritual is stopped by Kyle. After Andy claimed Chucky tied him up, Phil throws Chucky in the basement. The following day, Chucky hitches a ride on the bus to Andy's new school. Andy's teacher Miss Kettlewell (Beth Grant) discovers an obscenity Chucky wrote on his worksheet. Believing Andy was responsible, she forces Andy to stay in the classroom as punishment and locks Chucky in the closet. Andy manages to escape, and Chucky beats Miss Kettlewell to death with a yardstick. After Andy insisted Chucky got him in trouble, Phil considers taking him back to the foster center. Later that night, Andy tries to kill Chucky with an electric knife in the basement, but Chucky attacks him. Phil goes to investigate the commotion but Chucky trips and neck-snaps him, killing him. Joanne, convinced that Andy murdered Phil, sends him back to the foster center. Kyle discovers the buried doll in the garden and realizes Andy was telling the truth all along and rushes in to warn Joanne only to find her dead. Chucky attacks Kyle and orders her to take him to the center to find Andy. There, during a false fire alarm, Chucky kills Grace and orders Andy to take him to the PlayPals Good-Guy factory for the transfer. Kyle follows Chucky and Andy to the factory. After knocking Andy unconscious once again, Chucky attempts the ritual to transfer his soul into Andy, but it fails midway since he spent too much time within the doll's body. Enraged, Chucky decides to kill both Andy and Kyle instead. Chucky murders a factory worker. He then loses one of his hands, which he replaces with his knife, and his legs, but still goes after the two. Kyle and Andy then pour molten plastic over him before inserting an air hose in his mouth, which causes his head to explode and finally defeating him. Andy and Kyle leave the factory for home, with Andy asking where home is and Kyle responding that, in truth, she doesn't know. The last scene features a piece of Chucky in a vat of molten plastic. The plastic is then molded into a new head and then it grins evilly, which was not shown in theaters.
Anand	Bollywood	drama	Hrishikesh Mukherjee	The film begins with a felicitation ceremony arranged for Bhaskar (Amitabh Bachchan), a doctor who has just written a successful book titled Anand. Bhaskar was a cancer specialist and after the congratulatory speeches, he reveals that the book is not a work of fiction, but taken from his own diary and pertains to his experiences with a real person named Anand. The flashback starts with Bhaskar, fresh from his training as an oncologist, trying to treat the poor for no charge, but often disheartened by the fact that he cannot cure all the ailments in the world. He becomes pessimistic after seeing the suffering, illness and poverty all around him. He is straightforward and won't treat the imaginary ailments of the rich. His friend, Kulkarni follows a slightly different path. He treats the imaginary illnesses of the rich and uses that money to treat the poor. One day, Kulkarni introduces Bhaskar to Anand (Rajesh Khanna), who has lymphoma of the intestine, a rare type of cancer. Anand has a cheerful nature and despite knowing the truth that he is not going to survive for more than six months, he maintains a nonchalant demeanour and always tries to make everyone happy around him. His cheerful and vibrant nature soothes Bhaskar, who has a contrasting nature and they become good friends. Anand's condition gradually deteriorates, but he does not want to spend his remaining time in a hospital bed; he instead roams freely and helps everyone. He discovers that Bhaskar has strong feelings for Renu (Sumita Sanyal), whom he treated previously for pneumonia. He helps Bhaskar to express his love and convinces Renu's mother to bless their marriage. He tells Bhaskar that everyone should remember him as a lively person and not as a cancer patient. His end comes and he dies amongst his friends and everyone remembers him as a vibrant and lively person. Bhaskar becomes more philosophical and continues to help the helpless with more empathy and maturity.
Heaven and Earth Magic	American	animation	Harry Everett Smith	Smith explains:
I Shot Jesse James	American	western	Samuel Fuller	Bob Ford of the Jesse James gang is wounded during a bank robbery. He mends at Jesse's home in Missouri for six months, although Jesse's wife Zee doesn't trust him. Cynthy Waters, an actress Bob is in love with, comes to town to perform on stage. Bob catches her speaking with John Kelley, a prospector, and is jealous. He knows that Cynthy wants to get married and settle down. In need of money, Bob hears of the governor's $10,000 reward for Jesse. He betrays his friend, shooting Jesse in the back. Bob is pardoned by the governor but receives a reward for just $500. He spends the money on an engagement ring. Harry Kane, who manages Cynthy's career, books Bob for stage appearances in which he re-enacts the shooting of Jesse. He is booed by audiences and mocked in public for his cowardly deed. Bob goes to Colorado to try prospecting and runs into Kelley, who is rejecting offers to become Creede's town marshal. Bob wakes up one day to find both Kelley and the engagement ring missing. Cynthy arrives just as Kelley returns, having captured the ring's thief. Kelley is disappointed when Cynthy accepts Bob's proposal, so he accepts the job as marshal. Frank James, brother of Jesse, overhears a conversation in which Cynthy confides to Kelley that he's the one she truly loves. Frank makes sure that Bob learns of this, knowing Bob will make the fatal mistake of confronting Kelley face to face. In the street, Bob draws on Kelley and is shot dead. Kelley gets the girl and Frank avenges his brother's death.
The Funeral	American	drama	Abel Ferrara	The film begins with the funeral of one of the three Tempio brothers. These men are violent criminals. Mourning the passage of their beloved brother Johnny are Chez and Ray. Ray is cold and calculating. Chez is hot tempered. Flashbacks show us that Johnny was more sensitive. Exposure to Communist meetings as a spy sway Johnny's opinions. The chief suspect in Johnny's murder is rival gangster Gaspare Spoglia. Ray and Chez swear revenge. Ray's wife, Jeanette, opposes the campaign of retribution and the violence it will bring, while Chez' wife, Clara, struggles to deal with her husband's obsessive nature. As it turns out, Johnny was not murdered by rival gangsters, but by a man who first claimed Johnny had raped his girlfriend, but who later admits, just before Ray kills him, that he wanted revenge because Johnny had beaten him up in front of his girlfriend and friends. As he buries the dead murderer, Chez reflects on his brothers' lives before the tragedy. He then returns to Ray's house and shoots and kills Ray and all of his bodyguards. Chez then shoots Johnny, lying dead in the casket, before putting the gun in his own mouth and committing suicide as the family women wail over Ray's dying body.
Paranormal Activity 2	American	horror	Tod Williams	August 2006, a burglary occurs at the home of Kristi (Sprague Grayden) and Daniel Rey (Brian Boland). The entire house is trashed except for their infant son Hunter's bedroom. Daniel installs security cameras throughout the house after the vandalism, which capture many strange occurrences. Martine (Vivis Cortez), the Hispanic family housekeeper and nanny, goes into Hunter's room after hearing a loud bang and senses a demonic presence in his room. She takes him downstairs and attempts to cleanse the house of evil spirits, but when Daniel arrives home and catches her burning sage, Martine is fired. Kristi believes that their home is haunted and tells Daniel. Daniel reviews the footage but dismisses her claims. Kristi talks to her sister Katie (Katie Featherston) about being tormented by a demon when they were little girls. Daniel's daughter, Ali (Molly Ephraim), begins investigating the mysterious occurrences and discovers that humans can make deals with demons for wealth or power by forfeiting the soul of their first-born son. She also discovers that Hunter was the first male to be born on Kristi's side since the 1930s. The violence quickly escalates; the family's German shepherd, Abby, becomes aware of the demon's presence and is attacked. Daniel and Ali take Abby to the veterinarian, leaving Kristi alone with Hunter. When Kristi checks on the baby, the demon assaults her and drags her down to the basement, where she stays for an hour. Finally, the basement door opens and a possessed Kristi walks out. The following day, Ali is home with Kristi, who will not get out of bed. She finds the basement door covered in scratches and the word meus (Latin for Mine), etched into it. Ali goes upstairs to check on Hunter and sees Kristi there, with a strange bite mark on her leg. When Ali tries to get Hunter, Kristi furiously orders her not to touch him. Now terrified, Ali begs Daniel to come home. After he arrives, she shows him the footage of Kristi's attack. He immediately calls Martine, who prepares a cross to exorcise the demon; and tells them that Kristi will have no memory of being possessed. Since the curse can only be transferred to a blood relative, Daniel tells Ali he is going to pass the demon onto Katie, so that Kristi and Hunter will be safe. Ali begs him not to because it is unfair to Katie, but Daniel sees no other way to save his wife and son. That night, when Daniel tries to use the cross on Kristi, she attacks him, and all the house lights go out. Using the handheld camera's night vision he finds that Kristi and Hunter have disappeared. Furniture starts to topple over, and the chandeliers begin to shake. Daniel chases Kristi into the basement, where she attacks him. After he touches her with the cross she collapses and the house shakes violently. Daniel hears demonic growls and screams and finally, the shaking stops. Daniel puts Kristi to bed and burns a photo of a young Katie (the same photo Micah Sloat later finds in the attic of his and Katie's house in the first film). Three weeks later, Katie visits and explains that strange things have started happening at her house. She then returns home to her boyfriend Micah. On October 9, the night after Micah is killed, a possessed Katie breaks into Daniel and Kristi's home and kills Daniel by snapping his neck while he watches TV. She then kills Kristi in Hunter's room, violently hurling her at the camera, and takes the baby. She leaves, cradling Hunter, and the screen fades to black as Hunter's crying turns into laughter. An epilogue text states that Ali was on a school trip, and she found the bodies of Daniel and Kristi upon her return home and that Katie and Hunter's whereabouts remain unknown.
Seven Men from Now	American	western	Budd Boetticher	Ben Stride (Randolph Scott) walks into a desert cave encampment during a nighttime rainstorm. He encounters two men taking shelter next to a fire and asks to join them. Stride tells the men he's from the town of Silver Springs, which provokes a mysterious reaction from the two men. They discuss a robbery and murder that recently occurred there. The men become suspicious of Stride, and when they realize his intentions, he guns them down. The following day Stride tracks someone through the Arizona wilderness and comes upon a wagon stuck in the mud. Stride uses the two horses he confiscated from the men at the encampment to help pull the wagon clear, and the wagon's owners, John and Annie Greer, are grateful. Travelers from Kansas City, they admit they are inexperienced at frontier life and ask Stride to ride with them as they head south to the border town of Flora Vista on their way west to California. Greer says he hopes to find a sales job there, but has been taking odd jobs along the way. The mention of Flora Vista arouses Stride's curiosity and he agrees to take them to the border. As the trio travels, Annie shows a growing attraction to Stride. At one point they are stopped by a US Army detail, whose commanding officer (Stuart Whitman) tells them to go back, as Chiricahua Apache have been spotted in the area and he cannot guarantee their safety. Stride and the Greers travel on, finding a stagecoach relay station and encountering Bill Masters (Lee Marvin) and Clete (Don Barry), two former nemeses of Stride's. As they all spend the night at the station, Masters tells the Greers that Stride was once the sheriff of Silver Springs, and his wife was killed during the robbery of the Wells Fargo freight office. Stride has been tracking and killing the seven men who performed the robbery, and Masters intends to abscond with the $20,000 dollars in gold they stole once Stride has accomplished his task. Annie feels sympathy for Stride, who confesses that he feels guilty about his wife's death because at the time he was no longer sheriff and didn't have another job, so she took one at the freight office and was working the night of the incident. Before the wagon heads out of the station, with Masters and Clete tagging along opportunistically, they are met by Chiricahua warriors. The Apache leave when Stride gives up one of the horses to the hungry tribesmen. The group encounters one of the Wells Fargo robbers, who is being chased by Indians. Unaware of the man's part in the robbery, Stride saves him from the Apache. The man, however, recognizes Stride and nearly kills him, but Stride is saved when Masters shoots the man in the back. One night, Masters reminisces about a woman stolen away from her husband by a tall stranger, clearly suggesting that Stride is doing just that with Annie Greer. Furious at Masters's impropriety, Stride sends Masters and Clete away into the night. Masters and Clete reach Flora Vista ahead of the wagon, and there meet with the Wells Fargo bandits waiting for delivery of their gold. Masters tells their leader, Payte Bodeen (John Larch), that Stride is heading in their direction to kill all of them and avenge his wife's death. Bodeen dispatches two of the bandits to meet Stride before he can reach Flora Vista. Meanwhile, Stride leaves Greer and Annie, telling them to continue on without him. Stride rides ahead into a canyon alone and is ambushed by the two bank robbers but kills them both. Wounded in the leg, Stride is knocked unconscious while trying to ride away with one of the bandits' horses. Bodeen tells Masters that Greer is the man he paid to deliver the gold from the robbery to Flora Vista, and Masters berates himself for letting this escape him. Meantime, Greer and Annie come upon the unconscious Stride and nurse his wounds. Greer admits to his wife and Stride that he was paid $500 to deliver the Wells Fargo box containing the gold hidden in the wagon. Stride takes the gold away from Greer to draw the rest of the bandits out from town, and Greer and Annie head into Flora Vista to notify the local sheriff. Greer arrives in town without the gold, telling Bodeen that Stride has it, and as he walks down the street toward the sheriff's office, Bodeen guns him down. The last two bandits, Bodeen and Clint, ride out to confront Stride, but are killed by Masters and Clete instead. Masters then kills Clete and walks out into the clearing where Stride has placed the box of gold. They face off, and Stride kills Masters before he can pull his guns. Stride returns the gold to Wells Fargo and tells Annie that he is going to take a job as a deputy sheriff in Silver Springs. He puts her on a stagecoach bound for California, then rides away. Annie, however, tells the stage driver she isn't going.
Stolen Face	British	drama	Terence Fisher	Dr. Philip Ritter, a plastic surgeon (Paul Henreid), falls in love with a gifted and beautiful concert pianist, Alice Brent (Lizabeth Scott). They meet by chance at a country inn, and romance soon develops. However, Alice is already engaged to be married and, afraid to tell Ritter, runs away. Ritter is devastated. Back at his London surgery, Ritter receives a phone call from Alice, who informs him she is to marry David (André Morell). Meanwhile, Ritter's new patient is Lily Conover (Mary Mackenzie), a female convict whose face is disfigured. The love-struck surgeon believes he can change her criminal ways by constructing her new face to resemble that of Alice. He does so, and they marry. (Now identical to Alice, she is played by Scott.) However, Lily has not changed her ways. She soon grows bored of Ritter's sedate lifestyle, and returns to a life of crime and partying. She is reckless in her behaviour, and unabashedly flirtatious with other men, and he comes to despise her. As Alice completes her latest concert tour, David knows there is something wrong with her. He guesses she is in love with someone else, and calls off the engagement. Alice goes to see Ritter, who confesses what he has done. Later, an upset Ritter leaves London for Plymouth, believing that the situation can never be reversed. Lily follows him, however, and takes the same train, where she becomes drunk and aggressive towards Ritter. Alice believes Ritter is so upset he may harm Lily, or even kill her if provoked, and she too joins the train. She arrives just as the two are arguing, and engaged in a physical struggle as Ritter tries to prevent the intoxicated Lily from falling out of the carriage. As Alice enters, Lily accidentally falls against the loose carriage door, and falls out of the train. The film ends as Lily is discovered dead at the side of the tracks, and Ritter and Alice are reunited.
The Feminine Touch	British	drama	Pat Jackson	The film follows five very different student nurses during their first year of training at an NHS hospital in London called St. Augustine’s Hospital (filmed at Guy's Hospital), where they live in a dormitory. Susan (Belinda Lee) is reliable and sensible; Pat (Delphi Lawrence) is flighty and open; Maureen (Adrienne Corri) is Irish and loud; Ann (Henryetta Edwards) is a typical public school girl; and Liz (Barbara Archer) comes from a typical working class background. As they get to know each other, they bond in spite of their differences.
Rasaleela (രാസലീല)	Malayalam	romance	Majeed Marangery	Unni Maya (Prathishta), a widow in a big tharavadu, develops a fondness for Devan (Darshan), who has accompanied a godman, who has been called in to get rid of the bad omens that surround the family.[2]
Inside Job	American	crime	Jean Yarbrough	An ex-con has a choice of losing his job or participating in a robbery.
The Time of His Life	British	comedy	Leslie S. Hiscott	When newly released prisoner Mr. Pastry (Richard Hearne) comes home to stay, he proves an embarrassment to his social climbing daughter Lady Florence (Ellen Pollock). As president of the society for the rehabilitation of ex-convicts, she attempts to hide the fact her father is an ex-con. She locks Mr. Pastry in his bedroom, and even plots to have him sent to Australia. But Lady Florence's children see Mr. Pastry differently, and he helps them through a problem, prompting even his daughter to see Mr. Pastry in a new light.
Dost	Bollywood	drama	Dulal Guha	Maanav is an orphan who was brought up by a Catholic Priest, Father Francis. After completing his M.A. he returns home to Taran Devi and finds out that his mentor is dead. He re-locates to Bombay by train, and a man named Gopichand Sharma attempts to steal his luggage, but Maanav chases him and retrieves it. The men become friends, despite of their differences - Maanav wants to lead an honest life, and Gopichand, who is estranged from his wife, a nurse, Kalyani, and son, Munna, is an alcoholic and thief. Gopichand eventually changes his lifestyle, decides to be honest, patches up with his family, but ends up antagonizing his crime boss, Monto Sardar, who chops off his right hand. Maanav gets him a job with Hercules Milk Foods. Maanav meets with and falls in love with Kaajal Gupta, who is the daughter of the owner of Hercules Milk Foods, much to the chagrin of her dad who wants her to get married to Shyamal. Then one day Maanav disappears from Gopichand and Kaajal's lives. He re-locates to Simla and it is here that he learns that things have spiraled out of control as Gopichand has been arrested for marketing contaminated milk powder resulting in the deaths of hundreds of children. Maanav decides to return to Bombay and attempts to make sense as to why Gopichand committed this crime.
Lal Baadshah	Bollywood	action	K. C. Bokadia	Lal Singh (Amitabh Bachchan) lives with his mother (Nirupa Roy) in a small basti in Bombay, and grew up with the poor and needy. He is called Lal Badshah by the people he lives among. Lal is a very helping person and dead-set against crime. In the same city lives Vikram Singh, alias Vicky Baadshah (Raghuvaran), who is the Don of the city always clashing with Lal Baadshah. Vicky is the son of Dayal Singh (Amrish Puri), who lives far away from Mumbai in a castle. Vicky and his brother Ajit Singh (Mukesh Rishi), a corrupt police officer want to rule the city. Meanwhile, Lal meets Kiran (Manisha Koirala), an L.I.C. agent who falls in love with him and is determined to become his wife. At the castle, Dayal Singh is still hunting for the treasures of the Maharaja, whom he murdered years ago along with his brother Sultan Singh (Prem Chopra). When the Maharaja was murdered, his son, Dewan Ranbir Singh (also Amitabh Bachchan) hid the treasure, for which Dayal Singh tried to murder him.
Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man	American	action	Simon Wincer	In the near future, Harley Davidson (Mickey Rourke) travels from Texas to Burbank, California to reconnect with his old friend Robert Marlboro Man Anderson (Don Johnson) at their old haunt; Rock N' Roll Bar & Grille. Their mutual friend Jack Daniels (Big John Studd) holds animosity towards Harley over an affair he and his now-wife Lulu (Vanessa Williams) had years prior. The bar has fallen on hard times, and the Great Trust bank has threatened foreclosure, planning to demolish the building to make way for a skyscraper. Harley and Robert convince Jack to help them rob one of the Bank's armoured cars in order to collect the funds necessary to renew the building's lease. The robbery most goes off without a hitch, but the trio are intercepted by a group of security agents who almost foil their getaway. Upon escaping, they discover the loot they stole from the van contains not money, but a new, experimental street drug called Crystal Dream. The bank's head of security Alexander (Daniel Baldwin) is ordered by CEO Chance Wilder (Tom Sizemore) to recover the stolen drugs and kill the thieves. Meanwhile, Robert is pulled over for speeding by a motorcycle cop; his ex-lover Virginia Slim (Chelsea Field). The two spend the night together, during which Robert learns that she's engaged. Harley takes Virginia to breakfast the next morning, during which she tells him that Crystal Dream is 100% addictive and causes lasting neurological damage and, eventually, death. Robert, fuming about Virginia's upcoming marriage, steals her fiancé's motorcycle. He and Harley go to the bank's headquarters and talk to Wilder via telephone. They demand $2.5 million in exchange for the drugs. Wilder agrees to have someone meet them that night in the airplane graveyard for the exchange. Alexander shows up with the money and the transfer goes off without any problems. That night, while they hang out in the bar's back room celebrating, Marlboro is suspicious of the ease of the exchange. Suddenly, Alexander and his men show up. Watching through a one-way mirror, the owner (Julius Harris) tries to convince them that the gang isn't there. Alexander appears to walk away as if to leave and suddenly turns around and shoots him. They open fire on the room behind the mirror; Harley and Marlboro are the only ones who escape alive as the others are cut down in brutal fashion. The two retreat to the nearby airport and hide in the baggage compartment of a plane. One of the agents nearly finds them but they escape to Las Vegas, where they check into a hotel, only to be tracked down by Alexander. The two escape to the hotel's roof and jump off into the swimming pool. Harley finds out that they've been tracked with a device hidden in the dollar coin given to them by Alexander. The two hop a freight train headed east after deactivating the tracker, but Marlboro leaves after telling Harley that they owe it to the dead friends that helped them to go back to LA and settle things. Harley refuses to go and Marlboro jumps off the train. Harley has a change of heart, and catches up with Marlboro and they form a plan to meet with Alexander, reactivating the tracker in the coin. Alexander traces them to the airplane graveyard, finding the briefcase that contained the money but only finding the dollar coin inside. However, he sights Harley and Marlboro nearby and a gunfight ensues. Marlboro is able to kill both of Alexander's two remaining men, however, Alexander catches Marlboro and holds him hostage. Harley tries to shoot Alexander and misses, hitting Marlboro. Harley finally summons up the aim to hit Alexander and the two finally manage to kill him. The duo bribe Alexander's helicopter pilot into taking them to Wilder's office. They give Wilder his money back and demand he change the lease on the bar. Wilder is unwilling to do so and orders his men to kill them when the pilot, paid off by Harley and Marlboro, appears hovering in his chopper outside. He opens fire on the office with the chopper's cannon, killing Wilder's thugs. Wilder insults Marlboro's dead father; Marlboro begins to beat him up until Wilder dangles out the window of his office, holding onto Marlboro's disintegrating cowboy boot. Harley helps him out, the boot comes apart and Wilder falls to the street. Marlboro and Harley part ways at a rodeo, where Marlboro is riding a bull. As Harley rides away, he picks up a beautiful hitchhiking woman.
On Deadly Ground	American	action	Steven Seagal	Aegis Oil operates Aegis 1, an oil refinery and several oil rigs in Alaska. They purchased the oil rights from the local Alaskan Natives 20 years ago, but stand to lose them if the refinery isn’t on-line by a certain deadline. With 13 days to go, and billions of dollars at stake, the company cuts corners and uses faulty equipment. Hugh Palmer, a rig foreman, is aware of this; as he predicts, his rig catches fire. It takes Forrest Taft (Seagal), a specialist in dealing with oil drilling-related fires, to extinguish the fire. Taft refuses to believe Hugh’s story of faulty equipment at first, but later discovers that it is true after accessing the company’s computer records and finding that the next shipments of new, adequate equipment have been delayed way past the deadline. Michael Jennings (Michael Caine), the ruthless CEO of Aegis, deludedly believes that Hugh's carelessness is to blame for the rig fire and, after discovering his efforts to alert the EPA about the use of substandard equipment, arranges for him to be ‘dealt with’ by his henchmen MacGruder (John C. McGinley) and Otto (Sven-Ole Thorsen). Jennings is alerted to Taft's activities and orders that Taft also get eliminated as well. MacGruder and Otto brutally ransack Palmer's cabin for the evidence against Jennings, and torture and murder Palmer without finding it. Taft is set up for a trap by investigating a supposedly damaged pump station. He is badly wounded by an explosion, but survives and is rescued by Masu (Joan Chen), the daughter of Silook, the chief of her tribe. MacGruder and Otto are unable to locate Taft's body, and Jennings assumes that he is still alive. Taft is being cared for by Silook's tribe. After unsuccessfully trying to leave using a dogsled, Silook has Taft undergo a vision quest in which he sees the truth. When made to choose between two women, Taft opts for the elderly, clothed grandmother, forgoing the erotically-charged nude Iñupiaq seductress. The grandmother warns Taft that time is running out for those who pollute the world. Taft realizes that his only option is to see the refinery closed. He takes off, with MacGruder and Otto hot on his trail. At Silook's village, they demand to know where Taft is. Silook refuses to give the information and is fatally shot by MacGruder. Jennings berates MacGruder for killing Silook in front of his entire tribe. They bring in a group of New Orleans-based mercenaries led by Stone (R. Lee Ermey) to finish off Taft before Aegis 1 can go on-line. They also have an FBI Anti-Terrorist Unit at the refinery. Accompanied by Masu, Taft (who is probably ex-CIA and an expert on sabotage and demolition), collects weapons and explosives and manages to enter the refinery complex, and begins to effectively sabotage the refinery. MacGruder (who is killed by Taft in the process of getting thrown into the helicopter's tail rotor blades for killing Hugh and Silook), Otto (who was killed earlier at Hugh's cabin) and Jennings’ ruthlessly efficient female assistant Liles (who crashes her truck into a gasoline tank in an escape attempt), are powerless to defeat him and are all killed in various gruesome ways; the FBI also pulls out, revealing in the process that Taft might be ex-CIA. Taft and Masu confront Jennings, string him up, and drop him into a pool of oil, effectively drowning Jennings in his own wealth. They then escape as a series of explosions destroy the rest of Aegis 1. As an epilogue, Taft, far from being arrested for sabotage and multiple murders (self defense), is asked to deliver a speech at the Alaska State Capitol about the dangers of oil pollution, and the companies that are endangering the ecosystem.[2] During the speech they show a scene of one of the first commercial hydrogen fuel cell systems developed by Perry Energy Systems.
The Trap	American	crime	Norman Panama	Ralph Anderson returns to his remote California hometown for the first time in many years. Now a lawyer, he has been estranged from his father, Lloyd, and brother, Tippy, ever since being sent to reform school as a youth for stealing a car, taking the blame for his brother's crime. Lloyd is now sheriff and Tippy his deputy. Forced to represent a wanted criminal, Ralph asks the law to look the other way while a local airfield is used to enable the mobster, Massonetti, to flee the country. A disgusted Lloyd agrees to help, but Tippy decides to arrest Massonetti and cash in on a big reward. Tippy's beautiful wife Linda was once the love of Ralph's life and regrets his long absence. She is tired of Tippy's shiftless, drunken ways and Lloyd's domineering rule of the family. Massonetti arrives in town, backed by Davis, his top thug. Tippy and two deputies, Karger and Eddie, make an amateurish attempt to capture Massonetti, only to get Lloyd shot and killed while trying to stop them. Ralph manages to get Massonetti behind bars at the town jail. The mob cuts off phone communication and highway access to the town. Ralph suggests driving Massonetti to the authorities in Barstow in the mobster's own fast car. Noticing the tension between the brothers, Massonetti taunts them both and offers $25,000 to tempt Tippy into betraying Ralph and setting him free. On the road, deputy Eddie is ambushed and the brothers learn that Linda has been abducted. A deal is made to get her back, but Karger is killed and the car is disabled. Ralph manages to get the four of them to a gas station, where the owner is found shot. In a fight for the gun, Ralph is winged and Tippy seriously wounded. Borrowing a miner's jeep, Ralph drives Massonetti to a main highway, where two policemen take them into custody. They turn out to be impostors who drive Massonetti to an air strip where Davis is waiting with a plane. After they board, Ralph drives the car into the plane, overturning it. He drags Massonetti from the wreckage and holds him until real cops arrive. By the time he returns to the gas station, Linda is watching Tippy's lifeless body carried away.
The Package	American	drama	Andrew Davis	Gene Hackman stars as Johnny Gallagher, a Special Forces Master Sergeant in the United States Army who is assigned to escort a prisoner, an Army deserter named Thomas Boyette (Tommy Lee Jones), from West Berlin back to the United States. When Boyette escapes, Gallagher pursues him and discovers that Boyette is actually a professional assassin hired to kill the leader of the Soviet Union (clearly resembling Mikhail Gorbachev) after a meeting in Chicago with the President of the United States. Gallagher is joined by his ex-wife Eileen (Joanna Cassidy), a lieutenant colonel in the Judge Advocate General Corps of the U.S. Army, and Chicago police Lt. Milan Delich (Dennis Franz).
Sister Street Fighter	Japanese	action	Yamaguchi, KazuhikoKazuhiko Yamaguchi	When Lee Long (Hiroshi Miyauchi), a shorinji kempo champion and Hong Kong drug agent, goes missing during an investigation into the activities of a dummy corporation called Central Export, his sister, Tina (Sue Shiomi), is called in to continue the investigation in his place. On her way to Club Mandarin, she visits her uncle (Harry Kondo), who operates a restaurant, and her cousins Jerry (Tatsuya Nanjo) and Remi (Nami Tachibana). At Club Mandarin, she receives a red rose, the signal to look for Lee's partner in the investigation, Fanny Singer (Xiè Xiù-Róng). When assassins for Central Export abduct Fanny, Tina takes them on singlehandedly, but they manage to capture Fanny and load her in their car, which is then hijacked by shorinji kempo student Sonny Hibachi (Sonny Chiba), who proceeds to transport her to the ballet studio operated by his girlfriend, Shinobu Kojo (Sanae Ohori). Furious at his minions for failing him, Ryozo Hayashi (Shohei Yamamoto) hires a mercenary, Hammerhead (Milton Ishibashi), to spy on the shorinji kempo school, led by Tetsudo Fujita (Asao Uchida). When Tina stops by, she's formally introduced to Sonny and another student, Emmy Kawasaki (May Hayakawa). After Sonny assures Tina that Fanny's all right, she hurries over to Kojo's ballet studio to question Fanny. After Fanny reveals that Lee was captured, she gives Tina a necklace before spasming from a lack of exposure to heroin, which she had been forcefully addicted to, as Hammerhead's minions attack the ballet studio. Tina and Kojo successfully ward them off, but Fanny is killed in a sneak attack using a poison dart. Some time later, Emmy swears the shorinji kempo school's allegiance to Tina in her investigation as she stumbles across another piece of evidence in the form of a lock of hair. Central Export's leader, Kaki (Bin Amatsu), offers Hammerhead a great reward if he disposes of Tina. After Tina clears out several minions, she encounters Hammerhead, and they fight on a bridge. Hammerhead reveals the truth to Tina, that Lee is still alive and captive in Kaki's dungeon, before sending her off the bridge into an apparent watery grave. Emmy does her own espionage work and helps Tina destroy a warehouse owned by Central Export. Though Kaki is furious at Hammerhead, he allows him and his minions to directly attack the shorinji kempo school with the hope that the attack will also lead to Tina's demise in the process. Sonny successfully wards off the ambush in a one-on-one duel against Hammerhead himself, though, and when Hammerhead subsequently sinks into a depression and starts to drink himself to death, a frustrated Kaki is forced to use her uncle against her by forcing him to divulge a false lead. Kaki believes Tina will be killed by his minions, but Tina manages to stop them. She returns to her uncle's restaurant with Emmy just as he's killed by a poison dart in front of Jerry and Remi. Tina returns to Central Export and enters the dungeon, where she extracts Lee right before a sinister minister wielding an arrow gun offs him before her eyes. Tina herself is dropped into a pit and nearly killed when Kaki ties her by her feet above a bed of spikes, but as he burns the rope she breaks free and throws his mistress onto the bed of spikes. She then proceeds to take down several more minions before confronting Hayashi and killing him by twisting his neck. Sonny, Emmy, and Kojo arrive as backup and kill many of the remaining minions, including Hammerhead. Tina takes on Kaki herself and kills him with his own claw hand.
Hands of the Ripper	British	horror	Peter Sasdy	The infant daughter of Jack the Ripper is witness to the brutal murder of her mother by her father. Fifteen years later she is a troubled young woman who is seemingly possessed by the spirit of her late father. While in a trance she continues his murderous killing spree but has no recollection of the events afterwards. A sympathetic psychiatrist takes her in and is convinced he can cure her condition. However, he soon regrets his decision...
Danny Deckchair	Australian	comedy	Jeff Balsmeyer	Danny Morgan (Ifans) works as a concrete maker driver and construction worker who lives in a big Australian city with his girlfriend but is unhappy with his life. Danny yearns for the simple life while girlfriend Trudy (Clarke) fantasizes about bright lights and fast times. While Danny plans for their annual camping trip, Trudy tells him she has to work, so the trip is off. In reality, Trudy is using her work connections at a local real estate agency to set up a meeting with a handsome local sports reporter, Sandy Upman (Muldoon). Danny sees them together while he's shopping for a weekend barbecue, leaving him even more disenchanted with their relationship. During the barbecue in his backyard, Danny, being an inventive character, ties a bunch of helium-filled balloons to his deckchair as his friends hold him down. When they inadvertently let go, Danny is set on an airborne adventure across Australia, which causes him to become a national sensation. As he floats over idyllically beautiful rural landscapes, totally foreign to the concrete structures of his discontent, he appears on the verge of some enlightenment. After he's beaten up in a rugged ride through a thunderstorm, fireworks from a small town's macadamia festival burst his balloons. Danny lands in a tree in Glenda's front yard as the remnants of his chair float away. Glenda (Otto), who was watching the fireworks from her front porch, sees Danny fall into the tree but doesn't see the deckchair. As firemen and townsfolk arrive to find out if the fireball caused any damage, they see Glenda helping a disheveled Danny. Glenda tells them that Danny is an old professor from college days and takes him into her house, which belonged to her parents. As he recovers from the harrowing end to his journey, the lonely Glenda, fascinated by the strapping Danny, doesn't press him about his past. Danny doesn't help matters by offering only vague explanations about his origins and unorthodox arrival in the town of Clarence. As Danny explores the town, Glenda's friends wonder about their past relationship, but they are quickly won over by Danny's whimsical ways. This was easy to accomplish as Glenda's friends are just happy to see that the withdrawn, and sometimes depised, traffic officer is with someone special. Using his easy-going manner, Danny persuades Glenda to dress-up and go with him to the harvest ball. She gives him some nice clothes (formerly her father's) to wear to the ball. After Danny looks in the mirror, he shaves his beard and trims his hair. At the ball and around town, Danny's mysterious past, detached demeanour and off-the-wall ideas make him an instant hit with the townsfolk. His ideas that were considered hair-brained in the big city seem fresh in the small town of Clarence, and he is hired to become the manager of an aspiring politician's campaign. As they spend time together at Glenda's house, Danny finds her father's old motorcycle, which for sentimental reasons Glenda keeps in the shed. After she shows Danny pictures of her parents on the motorcycle exploring the country, Danny fixes up the old motorcycle when Glenda is at work. All the while, the big city media can't get enough coverage of Danny's disappearance, constantly broadcasting interviews of his friends, family and co-workers. Trudy takes up with the sports reporter (Muldoon), who sees covering Danny's story and Trudy's suffering as a way to the top. Back in Clarence, Danny is forging a deep connection with Glenda. But their budding relationship is not viewed by everyone in town as all peaches-and-cream. Their flirtations arouse jealousy and suspicion in Glenda's male co-worker, the town's police supervisor, who busts them for speeding when they take Glenda's motorcycle out for a ride. But nothing fazes Danny as he continues to immerse himself in his ideal world. He even goes so far as to give a stirring speech at a political rally, and he is asked by some of the townsfolk to run for office. All caught up in the dizzying events surrounding the political rally, Glenda and Danny spend the night together. He wakes reveling in his new soul-mate, gets dressed in a haze of happiness and steps outside onto Glenda's porch to greet the dawn of his perfect new life. However, local kids have found and reported the deck chair causing Danny's past to come crashing down upon him in a torrent of media frenzy. As a shocked Glenda emerges from her house to see what all the noise is about, she spots Danny running down the street with a crowd in hot pursuit. Just then, Trudy and Upman drop down in a news helicopter and land in the street in front of Glenda's yard, stopping Danny dead in his tracks. Trudy reclaims Danny amidst an explosion of camera flashes to take him back to the big city, where she can bask in his new-found fame. As his half-truths become uncovered in the stark light of media exposure, Glenda rails against Danny as he's whisked away. Although she is angry at being deceived by Danny, his departure brings Glenda to the stark realization that she has been deceiving herself as well. She finally admits to herself that her life is at a dead end and she decides it's time for a change. Meanwhile, unhappily plugged back into his old job and with Trudy trying to capitalize on his fame, the deep changes within Danny that happened in Clarence make city life all the more unbearable. Danny confronts Trudy, tells her it's over and uses the connections his media storm have forged to get on a military plane to win Glenda back. Back in Clarence, Glenda has finished packing up her motorcycle and is saying goodbye to her friends. Just then, Danny parachutes out of the plane over Clarence and crash-lands in the tree in front of Glenda's house as she's starting to leave on her motorcycle. At first, Glenda appears excited to see Danny; but immediately she starts yelling that he can't just drop in and everything will be all right. Glenda resolutely drives off before Danny can convince her how much he needs her and his new life in the town of Clarence. Dragging his parachute, Danny runs after her, shouting that he'll do whatever it takes to get back together. As she drives away, Danny's parachute cord gets caught on the back of the motorcycle and he is lifted into the air. As Glenda glances into her mirror for one last look at her old life, she notices Danny flying behind her and stops the bike. As he comes down, Danny and Glenda get entangled in the parachute, wordlessly embrace and kiss. As the movie ends, Danny and Glenda, in their bathrobes, symbolically float upward in deck chairs as they talk about their future plans.
Macbeth	British	drama	Roman Polanski	In the Middle Ages, a Norwegian invasion of Scotland is suppressed by Macbeth, Thane of Glamis, and Banquo. A rebel, the Thane of Cawdor, is captured, and King Duncan decrees Macbeth shall be awarded the title of Cawdor. Macbeth and Banquo do not hear of this news; when out riding, they happen upon Three Witches, who hail Macbeth as Thane of Cawdor and future King, and Banquo as lesser and greater. At their camp, nobles arrive and inform Macbeth he has been named the Thane of Cawdor, with Macbeth simultaneously awed and frightened at the prospect of usurping Duncan, in further fulfilment of the prophecy. He writes a letter to Lady Macbeth, who is delighted at the news. However, she fears her husband has too much good nature, and vows to be cruel for him. Duncan names his eldest son, Malcolm, Prince of Cumberland, and thus heir apparent, to the displeasure of Macbeth and Malcolm's brother Donalbain. The royal family and nobles then spend the night at Macbeth's castle, with Lady Macbeth greeting the King and dancing with him with duplicity. Urged on by his wife, Macbeth steps into King Duncan's chambers after she has drugged the guards. Duncan wakes and utters Macbeth's name, but Macbeth stabs him to death. He then murders the guards. Fearing a conspiracy, Malcolm and Donalbain flee to England and Ireland, and the Thane of Ross realises Macbeth will be king. An opportunistic courtier, he hails Macbeth at Scone, while the noble Macduff heads back to his home in Fife. When Macbeth begins to fear possible usurpation by Banquo and his son Fleance, he sends two murderers to kill them, and then sends Ross as the mysterious Third Murderer. Banquo is killed, while Fleance escapes. After Banquo appears at a banquet as a ghost, Macbeth seeks out the witches, who are performing a nude ritual. The witches and the spirits they summon deceive Macbeth into thinking he is invincible, as he cannot be killed except by a man not born of woman, and will not be defeated until Birnam Wood comes to Dunsinane. After Macduff flees to England, Ross leaves Fife's castle doors open, so Macbeth's murderers can kill Lady Macduff and the rest of the family and servants. With nobles fleeing Scotland, Macbeth chooses a new Thane of Cawdor, bestowing the title on Seyton over Ross. Disappointed, Ross joins Malcolm and Macduff in England, where the English King has committed forces led by Siward to overthrowing Macbeth and installing Malcolm on the Scottish throne. The English forces invade, covering themselves by cutting down trees and holding them in front of their army. When the forces storm the castle, Macduff confronts Macbeth, and during the sword fight, Macduff reveals he was delivered by Caesarean section. Macduff beheads Macbeth, and Ross presents the crown to Malcolm. Meanwhile, Donalbain, out riding, encounters the witches.
Cage of Gold	British	drama	Basil Dearden	A young woman, Judith Moray, deserts her prospective fiancé, the nice doctor Alan Kearn, for an old flame, the dashing but roguish former wing commander Bill Glennan. Glennan makes her pregnant and marries her, but leaves her on the morning after the wedding when he learns that her father can't offer him financial support. Two years later she - having been told that Glennan is dead - has married Kearn and borne him a son. But then Glennan suddenly reappears and begins to blackmail her.
Hellbound: Hellraiser 2	British	horror	Tony Randel	We see the origin of Pinhead as a British military officer, Elliott Spencer, who uses the Lament Configuration, the doorway to the world of the Cenobites, and becomes a Cenobite. Kirsty Cotton has been admitted to a psychiatric hospital, still haunted by visions of the unspeakable horror that destroyed her family. Interviewed by Doctor Channard, and his assistant, Kyle MacRae, she tells her account of the events depicted in the first film, and pleads with them to destroy the bloody mattress her murderous stepmother, Julia Cotton, died upon. Despite her frantic urging, MacRae is the only one who seems to believe her. However, it is revealed that the obsessive Dr. Channard has been searching for the Lament Configuration for years, and has several similar boxes. Dr. Channard also has several patients locked in the maintenance level of the hospital. After hearing Kirsty's story, he has the mattress brought to his home, and has one of his more deranged patients (from maintenance) lie on the mattress and cut himself with a straight razor. The resulting bloodflow frees Julia from the Cenobite dimension, as it did with Frank in the first film, though Julia's physical form is immediately whole, only lacking skin due to the amount of blood. MacRae is a witness, having snuck inside Dr. Channard's house to investigate Kirsty's claims, and found multiple puzzle boxes and diagrams depicting various body parts, as well as a chalkboard with mysterious writing on it. Meanwhile, Kirsty meets a young patient named Tiffany. Tiffany, who hasn't spoken for years, demonstrates an amazing aptitude for puzzles. Later that night Kirsty is awakened in her room to a vision of her skinless father, who tells her in writing that he's in Hell and to help him. Come morning, MacRae arrives back at the hospital and informs Kirsty he believes everything is true. The two decide to return to Dr. Channard's house so Kirsty can attempt to save her father who she believes is still trapped in Hell. Meanwhile, Dr. Channard, seduced by Julia, has surreptitiously brought more mentally ill patients to his home for her to feed on. When Kirsty and the others arrive at Channard's home, MacRae heads to the attic, and discovers the grisly remains of their bodies. Julia, her skin almost completely regenerated, appears and kills him, consuming his essence and completing her regeneration. Kirsty hears the commotion and rushes up to the attic, and walks in on the scene. Enraged, she attacks Julia, but is knocked unconscious. Channard kidnaps Tiffany and he and Julia use her as a proxy to unlock the Lament Configuration puzzle box and enter the world of Pinhead and the Cenobites. Here it is learned that the act of opening the Lament Configuration is not in and of itself reason to be targeted by the Cenobites. As Pinhead states, stopping his fellow Cenobites from attacking Tiffany, it is not hands that call [them], but desire. Thus, it was Channard´s desire who made him use Tiffany to open the box and he is the Cenobites´ target. When Kirsty enters Channard's office, she finds the box Tiffany had used and frantically tries to return it to its normal configuration. The Cenobites find her, Pinhead seizing the opportunity to change the box to a more complex configuration and lock open the doors to the labyrinth. Pinhead tells Kirsty she is free to explore the maze but they'll be waiting to capture and torture her. Channard and Julia enter the Labyrinth of Hell which is run by the god Leviathan, who dwells in the shape of a gigantic, elongated diamond rotating in space above the labyrinth and emanating black beams which make Channard remember some of the atrocities he has committed. Julia calls Leviathan the god of flesh, hunger, and desire...the Lord of the Labyrinth. Julia betrays Channard to the Labyrinth to be turned into a Cenobite; as Channard screams during the procedure, Julia reveals that she has a mission to bring souls to Leviathan, including Channard's. Kirsty ventures into the Cenobites' domain and encounters Frank Cotton. He reveals that he is condemned to Hell, and that his punishment is to be teased and seduced by writhing female figures on beds that withdraw into the walls, depriving him of any pleasure. He also reveals that he tricked her by pretending to be her father to lure her into Hell so that he can use her for his own pleasures. At this point, Julia appears and destroys Frank in revenge for killing her. Kirsty and Tiffany encounter Pinhead and the other Cenobites. Kirsty shows Pinhead a photograph of him that she took from Channard's study, and he gradually remembers that he was human, as the other Cenobites also remember they were human. Suddenly, Channard appears. In an attempt at seizing power, Channard kills Pinhead and his minions, as they stand between Channard and Kirsty and Tiffany. Before dying, Pinhead, who has been transformed by Channard's power back into Elliott Spencer, exchanges a poignant glance with Kirsty. Kirsty later tricks Doctor Channard by donning the deceased Julia's skin, giving Tiffany the opportunity to finish the Lament Configuration puzzle, killing Doctor Channard, altering Leviathan into the box shape of a Lament Configuration, and allowing them to return home and close the gate between the two worlds. The movie ends with Kirsty and Tiffany leaving the now unoccupied hospital. Two men are removing what remains in the doctor's house and one of the movers comes across a blood-stained mattress on the floor. As he bends down to examine it, two arms reach out from the pool of blood, killing him as they withdraw, taking his upper half with them. When the second mover finally enters and observes the scene, a large spinning pillar rises from the bloody floor, decorated with several Cenobite faces inset, including Pinhead's. Staring at the ghastly faces, one of them (the vagrant from the first film) speaks to the mover, asking his usual question: What's your pleasure, sir?.
Eraser	American	action	Chuck Russell	John Kruger -a top U.S. Marshal for the Witness Security Protection Program (WITSEC)- specializes in erasing high-profile witnesses: faking their deaths to protect them from anyone that might silence them. After erasing mob witness Johnny Casteleone, Kruger is given a new assignment by his boss, Chief Arthur Beller, to protect Lee Cullen, a senior executive at Cyrez Corporation, a defense contractor. Lee warned the FBI that top-level Cyrez executives covered up the creation of a top secret electromagnetic pulse rifle and plan to sell the weapon on the black market. In an FBI sting operation, Lee accesses the Cyrez mainframe and downloads data on the EM rifle onto two discs: one for the FBI and one for her own protection. Vice President William Donohue, her boss, detects Lee’s intrusion and orders her into his office. After finding Lee's hidden camera and threatening her with a pistol, Donohue commits suicide in front of her. Lee delivers the disc to the FBI but, disillusioned by their broken promise to guarantee her safety, refuses Kruger's protection offer. The FBI's disc is replaced with a fake by a mole working for Undersecretary of Defense Daniel Harper, the conspiracy's mastermind. That night, Lee's house is attacked by a mercenary team sent by Cyrez' corrupt CEO, Morehart. Kruger rescues Lee and hides her in New York City, keeping her location secret even from WITSEC. Kruger learns from his mentor, Marshal Robert DeGuerin, that several witnesses have been murdered because a mole in WITSEC is leaking information and they must relocate their witnesses. Along with newcomer Deputy Monroe, they raid a remote cabin and kill mercenaries holding DeGuerin's witness hostage, but DeGuerin discreetly kills her when the mercenary leader reveals DeGuerin as the mole. Flying back to DC, Kruger, now suspicious of DeGuerin, warns Lee to relocate. DeGuerin drugs Kruger long enough to trace the warning call to NYC and kill Monroe using Kruger’s gun, framing him as the mole. DeGuerin explains he is the go-between for the black market buyer, and Kruger escapes from the plane to rescue Lee from DeGuerin's mercenaries; DeGuerin has Kruger and Lee branded as fugitives. They enlist Casteleone's help and penetrate the Cyrez building. Using a mainframe backdoor in Donohue's terminal, they decrypt Lee's second disc. It reveals that the shipment of EM rifles is at the Baltimore docks and will be delivered to Russian Mafia boss Sergei Ivanovich Petrofsky, who plans to sell the weapons overseas to terrorists. A Cyrez operative pinpoints their whereabouts and remotely destroys the disc; DeGuerin kidnaps Lee and takes her to the docks as the shipment is being loaded onto Petrofsky's Russian freighter. Casteleone contacts his mobster cousin Tony Two-Toes and his two associates to help Kruger raid the docks. They kill Petrovsky, his henchmen, and DeGuerin's mercenaries. In a struggle atop a shipping container, DeGuerin holds Lee hostage, but Kruger frees her and destroys the lock on the container crane, dropping DeGuerin and the container to the ground and exposing the presence of the EM rifles. Kruger rescues the critically wounded DeGuerin, leaving him to be detained by Beller and the authorities and proving his and Lee's innocence. Weeks later, Kruger brings Lee to a hearing for DeGuerin, Harper, and Morehart, who are indicted for treason. With little confidence that her testimony could secure their convictions, Kruger and Lee publicly fake their deaths in a car explosion. In the back of a limo, DeGuerin congratulates Harper on their deaths and says that they should go back into black-market business as soon as possible, but looks astonished when Harper says that he assumed DeGuerin had killed them. The men are confused, then shocked as their limo stops on a train track and the driver, actually Casteleone, locks the doors and exits the vehicle. Kruger calls DeGuerin and tells him You've just been erased as they see a train heading right for them. They can’t escape before the train slams into the limo, killing all three. Kruger waves goodbye to Casteleone and walks over to Lee in a waiting car, telling her they caught a train.
Get Hard	American	comedy	Etan Cohen	James King is an extremely wealthy hedge fund manager at Barrow Funds, run by Martin Barrow. He is engaged to Barrow's daughter Alissa. James has come to know Darnell Lewis, a car wash attendant who accidentally frightened James in a parking lot. Darnell and Rita are trying to put their daughter Makayla in a better school, away from the bad neighborhood they live in. During an engagement party for James and Alissa, the FBI arrive and arrest James for fraud and embezzlement. James' lawyer, Peter Penny, urges him to go for a guilty plea and a likely short sentence, but James refuses and insists that he will be exonerated. Instead, James is found guilty and sentenced to ten years in San Quentin State Prison, with only 30 days to get his affairs in order. Though forbidden from crossing county lines, James wants to flee the country with Alissa, but she dumps him. James encounters Darnell and, assuming he has been incarcerated before because he is black, begs him for help and agrees to pay him $30,000 to toughen him up for prison. Darnell, who has little idea of how to act tough, trains James by pepper-spraying him, trying to get him to develop a mad dog face, and creating scenarios in which James must defend himself, but all of these efforts fail miserably. During the training, James gets in touch with Barrow and says he is getting help. Barrow, the actual crook, thinks James is onto him and orders a hitman named Gayle to monitor him. With no sign that James is toughening up, Darnell figures that James should be prepared in other ways for prison and takes him to a gay hookup spot for James to learn how to perform oral sex in prison. James can't go through with it and tells Darnell that he will keep going and do whatever it takes to get hard. James starts to work out harder and faster, makes shivs, and learns keistering (smuggling contraband in the anus). Darnell simulates a prison raid with help from James' domestic staff. In the chaos, James gets a shiv stuck in his head, so Darnell takes James to his home for Rita to treat it. He has dinner and listens to Darnell make up a story of how he went to prison, which is just a retelling of Boyz n the Hood. James and Darnell resolve for James to join a local gang called the Crenshaw Kings to gain protection in prison. However, Darnell's cousin Russell, the gang leader, rebuffs James and redirects him to the Alliance of Whites gang. James is unable to be a convincing racist, leading the gang to think he is a cop, but Darnell rescues him by bursting in with a flamethrower. Darnell and James finally deduce that Barrow is the crook. They sneak into his office and find the embezzlement records on Barrow's computer. Unfortunately, Gayle finds them and takes back the computer, while informing James that Darnell has never been in prison. Dejected, James returns to the Crenshaw Kings on his own. They accept him and order him to kill someone as their initiation. Darnell arrives in time to convince James to expose Barrow. The two sneak onto Barrow's yacht to retrieve the computer, only to come across Gayle and his men. James unleashes a series of capoeira moves on them before Barrow and Alissa arrive, both confessing to the fraud and embezzlement, a scheme that also included Peter. They try to convince James to run away with them, but he turns them down and heads to a life raft with Darnell. When Gayle shoots the life raft, James pulls out a gun he had keistered and aims it at Gayle. U.S. Marshals suddenly appear, summoned by the ankle monitor that James triggered, having worn it past the county line. Barrow's computer provides the evidence needed to clear James. Barrow, Gayle, Alissa, and Barrow's men are taken away by the Marshals and James is cleared of all charges. However, he gets arrested for his unlicensed gun. Darnell's training helps James through his six-month prison sentence - something that Barrow is unprepared for as he is quickly attacked by inmates when his own lengthy San Quentin sentence begins. James spends his sentence helping the FBI retrieve all the assets that Barrow stole, while guiding Darnell's investments so that he and Rita are able to open their own carwash. As Darnell drives James home after his release, James announces his intent to celebrate his freedom with a Wall Street Journal and a forty, which he now considers a perfect Sunday.
Just William's Luck	British	comedy	Val Guest	William and his gang, The Outlaws investigate a haunted house.
Chain of Desire	American	romance	Temístocles López	A series of unrelated amorous lovers are connected by a chain of desire. It begins when a woman named Alma flees from a would-be lover. She runs into a church, where she meets a man named Jesus and they eventually make love. Jesus goes home to wife Isa and they make love. Isa leaves for an appointment with Dr. Buckley, with whom she is having an affair. Buckley then visits Linda, a dominatrix. Linda goes home to husband Hubert, a television commentator. Hubert has sex without her knowledge with a male teen, Keith. Keith is introduced to exotic dancer Diana, who then has a fling with a much older artist, Mel. He goes home to an angry wife, Cleo. And that night, all of these people end up at a nightclub where Alma is performing. Alma has just learned that the lover she fled has been diagnosed with AIDS.
Abominable	American	horror	Ryan Schifrin	The film begins with a farmer named Billy Hoss (Rex Linn) and his wife Ethel (Dee Wallace) waking up in the middle of the night to unusual noises. They and their dog Sparky go outside to investigate, where they find a horse lying dead, violently ripped open. Their dog runs into the dark, and is attacked (and presumably killed off-screen), causing Billy and Ethel to run back in the house where they see a mysterious giant figure behind their home. Once the creature is gone, they come out again and find large footprints on the ground. Shortly thereafter, a man bound in a wheelchair named Preston Rogers (Matt McCoy) stays in a cottage in the local woods while being watched and nursed by Otis Wilhelm (Christien Tinsley). A group of city girls named Karen (Ashley Hartman), Michelle (Natalie Compagno), C.J. (Karin Anna Cheung), Tracy (Tiffany Shepis), and Amanda (Haley Joel) arrive in a jeep with plans to celebrate Karen's upcoming marriage in the house next door. Though things may look peaceful, Preston, who lost his wife in the climbing accident that crippled him, begins to see something mysterious happening in these woods. As night falls, a group of hunters, including Billy and a gas station clerk named Buddy (Jeffery Combs) who met Otis and Preston earlier, are out looking for the same monster that came to Billy's home, which they believe to be a deranged Sasquatch (Michael Deak). Ziegler Dane (Lance Henriksen), the third of the party, investigates when Buddy claims to have heard noises. He finds a cave and discovers Karen, who went missing when Preston saw something grab her. She is mortally wounded with her stomach torn open. When she is dragged away and killed, Dane runs out and warns the others. They open fire. One by one, the hunters are grabbed by the hiding monster and killed. Preston tries to contact the local police after what happened to Karen. He sees that the remaining girls are looking for her. After trying to call the police, they head inside and promise to search for her later. But the Sasquatch returns and attacks Tracy, who had just finished taking a shower. As the monster pulls Tracy through a small window, snapping her in half and killing her, Preston tries to get Otis to see the creature, but it disappears. A disbelieving Otis attempts to sedate Preston, but Preston turns the tables and tranquilizes Otis. Preston then looks out a window: the creature appears, roaring at him. After fainting in terror from seeing the beast up close, Preston wakes up, only to find that the police led by Sheriff Halderman (Paul Gleason) have responded to his initial inquiry, only to dismiss his concerns and warn him of using the line for pranks. He tries to warn the girls, who now discover Tracy gone and blood in the bathroom. The Sasquatch appears again, then heads further into the woods. Preston gets the girls' attention and warns them about the monster. After what happened to Tracy and Karen, they now believe him. He urges them to stay away from the windows and to call the police, but the beast invades their cabin. They hide: Michelle in the upstairs bathroom; C.J. in the bedroom closet; and Amanda, forced to take her chances, downstairs. The Sasquatch hears Michelle in the upstairs bathroom, pulls her down through the ceiling, and mauls her. As it stomps through the living room, Amanda attempts to sneak out. C.J. runs into the room looking for her and screams at the sight of the Sasquatch, blowing their cover. C.J. escapes but Amanda is cornered, forcing her to leap through a window. A hysterical C.J. abandons Amanda and attempts to escape in the Jeep, but is unable to get it started. The Sasquatch overturns it. C.J. tries to rescue Amanda and get to Preston's cabin, but the Sasquatch knocks her to the ground and stomps on her stomach, killing her. Amanda is the sole survivor out of all her friends. A traumatized Amanda runs to Preston's cabin; he quickly welcomes her in. Promising to protect her, Preston starts a plan to stop the creature from killing them both while Amanda attempts to contact police with a different message, this time about a psycho killer, but the power goes out. The Sasquatch breaks into the cabin, and they both try to escape down the cottage's balcony using Preston's old climbing gear. The creature gets Amanda but is interrupted by an awake Otis, now knowing Preston was telling the truth, who strikes it in the back with an axe, causing it to drop Amanda. The attack does not kill it, and the enraged beast kills Otis by biting his face off. The Sasquatch continues to pursue the two remaining humans. As they get inside Preston's car, the survivors attempt to move but the creature has them and then releases the car. Amanda is ejected from the vehicle and onto the ground and knocked out. A desperate Preston then stops the monster from killing her by using his car horn which irritates the beast. Preston then releases the brakes, causing the Sasquatch to get caught behind the car. Preston shifts gears into reverse and keeps pushing it until it is rammed to a tree, causing the axe from Otis' attack still stuck in its back to impale it. Preston goes after Amanda as the creature dies and the police finally arrive. After confirming dead bodies, Preston and Amanda are off to a hospital. However, the victims of the Sasquatch are not seen and the creature itself is somehow gone. On the other hand, Sheriff Halderman and his deputies then hear noises after a short search. He and his crew turn around to discover a group of Sasquatches growling at them from the trees as the movie ends.
National Lampoon's Van Wilder: The Rise of Taj	American	comedy	Mort Nathan	Taj Badalandabad (Kal Penn), the personal assistant to local hero Van Wilder, has just graduated Coolidge College and is now on his way to England's Camford University. Taj plans to follow in the footsteps of his father — not only by obtaining a degree, but also to become a member of an exclusive campus Fraternal Guild, the Fox and Hounds, where Taj hopes he will become the next generation of Badalandabads to be deservedly nicknamed the Sultan of Snatch. However, when Taj arrives at Camford, he is told by Pip Everett, the Earl of Grey (Daniel Percival), the arrogant leader of the Fox and Hounds, that there had been a mistake and he has actually not been accepted into the Fraternal Guild. Heartbroken, Taj, with his faithful bulldog Ballzac in tow, instead takes the only housing opening available on campus and becomes the Head of House for a group of student misfits — Sadie (Holly Davidson), a gorgeous but foul-mouthed Cockney girl, Seamus (Glen Barry), an English-hating Irishman, Gethin (Anthony Cozens), a nerd, and Simon (Steven Rathman), a kid who rarely talks. Stuck with a band of misfits, Taj considers what Van Wilder would do in the same unpleasant situation, and in classic Van fashion he decides to take on the challenge and turn the house around. At the campus Society Inaugural Ball, Taj announces to the pompous crowd that he and his new friends are starting their own exclusive society — the Cock and Bulls. In addition, the Cock and Bulls declare that they are going to compete in the venerable Hastings Cup, an ongoing series of campus academic events and athletic competitions. Also, as part of his duties, Taj finds out that he will be a history teacher to his new friends and that his teaching supervisor will be Charlotte Higginson (Lauren Cohan), an English beauty who just happens to be dating Pip Everett. Taj is instantly attracted to Charlotte. Taj and Charlotte clash over Taj's unconventional teaching methods until Charlotte points out that his new friends are in danger of flunking out of school because their grades are so low. Taj takes Charlotte's challenge to heart and starts turning them around — their grades as well as their self-esteem. Meanwhile, much to the fury of Pip Everett, not only are the Cock and Bulls catching up to the Fox and Hounds in the Hastings Cup, but Taj and Charlotte are spending a lot of time together. Pip sets out to get rid of Taj by attempting to humiliate him at the Royal Literary Ball and then sabotaging Ballzac at the Camford Dog Show, but both cases backfire and Pip ends up the one embarrassed. Much to Pip's dismay, Taj and Charlotte are clearly falling in love and the Cock and Bulls are moving into a close second behind the Fox and Hounds. Pip decides to set up Taj and the Cock and Bulls by planting stolen test exams in their house. The plan works temporarily, and they are about to get expelled until Taj steps up and takes the blame for the theft — on the condition that his team are allowed to stay in school. The school Provost agrees to the terms, and Taj has to leave Camford. Angst-ridden, Charlotte tells Taj she never wants to see him again. The Cock and Bulls are now left to compete in the final event of the Hastings Cup without their courageous leader. But when Charlotte finds evidence that proves Taj's innocence, she and Taj rush to the Hastings Cup, just in time for Taj to compete against Pip in the final event — fencing. An angry and vengeful Pip makes sure that the fencing match degenerates into an all-out sword fight, but in the end, Taj defeats Pip and the Cock and Bulls win the Hastings Cup. Pip gets expelled for planting the exams while Taj and Charlotte happily begin a new life together.
The Bank Raiders	British	crime	Maxwell Munden	Terry, a small-time hoodlum, is the driver in a successful bank robbery. He gets his share of the loot and is told to lie low. Instead, he goes on the town with Della, a gorgeous, but greedy, party girl. Terry is questioned and released by police. Bernie Shelton, the gang boss, kidnaps the only witness. Then he sends his goon (Linders) to kill Terry, but Linders gets shot instead. With police after him, Terry seeks shelter in Della's apartment. When Della learns that Shelton, a man who spurned her, was behind the raid, she promises to run away with Terry, if he'll confront his boss at gun-point to get the rest of the loot[3]
Stingaree	American	romance	William A. Wellman	In 1874 Australia, newly installed Police Inspector Radford boasts to wealthy Hugh Clarkson that he will capture the famous outlaw Stingaree, who has returned to the area. Hilda Bouverie is an impoverished servant working for the Clarksons. Mr. Clarkson is kind, but his wife treats Hilda and Annie, another servant, as menials. Mrs. Clarkson is excited by the news that Sir Julian Kent, a renowned British composer, is going to be her guest. She dreams of performing before him and becoming an opera star, but her singing is not good. Hilda begs to be allowed to sing as well, but Mrs. Clarkson turns her down. Meanwhile, Sir Julian stops over at a tavern, where Radford and his colleagues are drinking. When Stingaree enters, the policemen are suspicious of the stranger; he is searched, but no weapon is found. His sidekick Howie follows, only he is armed. They abduct Sir Julian. Unaware of this, Mrs. Clarkson goes off to meet Sir Julian. While she is away, Hilda, who dreams of being an opera singer herself, plays Sir Julian's new song. When Stingaree enters the Clarkson residence to reconnoitre for a future robbery, she mistakes him for Sir Julian and sings for him. He is entranced, and praises her talent. When the Clarksons return, they are accompanied by Radford, who eventually recalls Stingaree. Unmasked, he flees, taking Hilda with him. When they reach his hideout, Stingaree is annoyed to find that Howie has let Sir Julian escape, foiling his attempt to get her an audition. Hilda tells him that her parents had the dream of singing, and that when they died she inherited the dream. Then Stingaree kisses her. Sir Julian attends a recital at the Clarksons house, with Mrs. Clarkson singing his song disastrously. Howie holds the guests at gunpoint while Stingaree accompanies Hilda on the piano. Sir Julian is greatly impressed by her singing. As the guests congratulate her, Stingaree and Howie slip away. However, Radford manages to shoot and arrest Stingaree. When a furious Mrs. Clarkson fires Hilda, Sir Julian invites her to Europe. Hilda refuses, unwilling to abandon Stingaree, but then she receives a letter from him telling her to pursue her dream, and that he gave up his freedom for her. She leaves, taking Annie with her. Under Sir Julian's tutelage, she becomes a famous opera singer. Though she cannot forget Stingaree, she agrees to marry Sir Julian. The night before the wedding, however, she tells him that she cannot go through with it. She is going to give up her career and return to Australia. He persuades her to perform at a concert in Melbourne, hoping that the contrast with the fabulous opera houses of Europe will change her mind. Meanwhile, Stingaree escapes, and holds up the new Governor-General's stagecoach. He borrows the man's uniform and attends the concert disguised as him. When he is recognized, the police pursue him. He sneaks into Hilda's dressing room. Hilda offers to give up her singing career for him. As the police try to break down the door, he picks her up in his arms and escapes through the window. They ride off together on his horse.
The Friendly Ghost	American	animation	I. Sparber	Casper is seen reading the book How to Win Friends, a real book by Dale Carnegie. Every night at midnight his brothers and sisters scare people, except for Casper, who doesn't want to scare people, so he stays home instead. Casper decides that he would rather make friends with the living. While his family is off scaring people, Casper bids his pet cat goodbye and leaves home. The next morning he meets a rooster to whom he says hello but the rooster retreats. Casper next meets a mole. At first the mole is happy to befriend him but when he puts on eyeglasses, he sees that Casper is a ghost and jumps back in his hole. Casper later meets a mouse and cat who resemble Herman and Katnip and who flee into the barn upon seeing him. Casper then sees a flock of hens who fly away with their hen house and splatter eggs on him. Casper thinks that he made a mistake leaving home. When he hears a train whistle he decides to kill himself by having the train run over him, apparently forgetting that he is already dead. After the train passes over Casper without harming him, he begins crying. Casper is approached by a boy and girl named Johnny and Bonnie who want to play with him, which makes Casper very happy. After a game of ball and jump rope, Bonnie and Johnny introduce Casper to their mother, who screams and tells Casper to leave. Casper picks up his sack and is about to go through the door when a banker opens it. The banker orders Casper to tell the mother he has come for a mortgage payment, but when he realizes that Casper is a ghost, he tells Casper to keep the mortgage (because he doesn't want to have a haunted house on the market) and runs off in fright, so fast that he sets a bridge on fire. Despondent, Casper decides to go back home to his own family. He is about to leave when the mother picks him up with a smile on her face, accepting him for saving her and the children from being forced to leave. The short concludes with the mother seeing Casper (now wearing schoolboy clothes), Bonnie, and Johnny off to school together.
The Pit and the Pendulum	American	horror	Roger Corman	In sixteenth century Spain, Englishman Francis Barnard (John Kerr) visits the castle of his brother-in-law Nicholas Medina (Vincent Price) to investigate the mysterious death of his sister Elizabeth (Barbara Steele). Nicholas and his younger sister Catherine (Luana Anders) offer a vague explanation that Elizabeth died from a rare blood disorder six months earlier; Nicholas is evasive when Francis asks for specific details about the disease. Francis vows that he will not leave until he discovers the true circumstances surrounding his sister's death. During dinner with the family physician, Dr. Leon (Antony Carbone), Francis again asks about his sister's death. Dr. Leon tells him that his sister died of massive heart failure, literally dying of fright. Francis demands to be shown where Elizabeth died. Nicholas takes him to the castle's torture chamber. Nicholas reveals that Elizabeth, under the influence of the castle's heavy atmosphere, became obsessed with the chamber's torture devices. After becoming progressively unbalanced, one day she locked herself into an iron maiden, and died after whispering the name Sebastian. Francis refuses to believe Nicholas's story. Francis tells Catherine that Nicholas appears to feel definite guilt regarding Elizabeth's death. In response, Catherine talks about Nicholas's traumatic childhood. Their father was Sebastian Medina, a notorious agent of the Spanish Inquisition. When Nicholas was a small child, he was exploring the forbidden torture chamber when his father (also played by Price) entered the room with his mother Isabella and Sebastian's brother, Bartolome. Hiding in a corner, Nicholas watched in horror as his father repeatedly hit Bartolome with a red-hot poker, screaming Adulterer! at him. After murdering Bartolome, Sebastian began torturing his wife slowly to death in front of Nicholas. Catherine and Francis are later informed by Dr. Leon that Isabella in fact was not tortured to death, rather she was entombed behind a brick wall while still alive. Dr. Leon explains, The very thought of premature interment is enough to send your brother into convulsions of horror. Nicholas fears that Elizabeth may have been interred prematurely. The doctor tells Nicholas that if Elizabeth Medina walks these corridors, it is her spirit and not her living self. Nicholas believes his late wife's vengeful ghost is haunting the castle. Elizabeth's room is the source of a loud commotion, and it is found ransacked and her portrait slashed to ribbons. Her beloved harpsichord plays in the middle of the night. One of Elizabeth's rings is found on the keyboard. Francis accuses Nicholas of planting the evidence of Elizabeth's haunting as an elaborate hoax. Nicholas insists that his wife's tomb be opened. They discover Elizabeth's putrefied corpse frozen in a position that suggests she died screaming after failing to claw her way out of her sarcophagus. Nicholas faints. That night, Nicholas–now on the verge of insanity–hears Elizabeth calling him. He follows her ghostly voice down to her tomb. Elizabeth rises from her coffin and pursues Nicholas into the torture chamber, where he falls down a flight of stairs. As Elizabeth gloats over her husband's unconscious body, she is met by her lover and accomplice, Dr. Leon. They had plotted to drive Nicholas mad so that she could inherit his fortune and the castle. Leon confirms that Nicholas is gone, his mind destroyed by terror. Elizabeth taunts her insensate husband. Nicholas opens his eyes and begins laughing hysterically while his wife and the doctor recoil in horror. Believing himself to be Sebastian, he replays the events of his mother and uncle's murders. He overpowers Dr. Leon, believing him to be Bartolome, and Leon falls to his death in the pit while trying to escape. Nicholas seizes Elizabeth, and repeats his father's promise to Isabella to torture her horribly. Francis, having heard Elizabeth's screams, enters the dungeon. Nicholas confuses Francis for Bartolome, and knocks him unconscious. He straps him to a stone slab located directly beneath a huge razor-sharp pendulum. The pendulum is attached to a clockwork apparatus that causes it to descend fractions of an inch after each swing, ever closer to Francis's torso. Catherine arrives just in time with Maximillian, one of the servants. After a brief struggle with Maximillian, Nicholas falls to his death in the pit. Francis is removed from the torture device. As they leave the basement, Catherine vows to seal up the chamber forever. They slam and lock the door shut, unaware that Elizabeth is still alive, gagged and trapped in the iron maiden.
The 27th Day	American	sci-fi	William Asher	Englishwoman Evelyn Wingate, American reporter Jonathan Clark, Chinese peasant Su Tan, German physicist Klaus Bechner, and Soviet soldier Ivan Godofsky are randomly transported to an alien spacecraft in Earth orbit. There, they are met by a humanoid referring to himself only as The Alien (Arnold Moss), who explains that he is the representative of a world orbiting a sun about to go nova. Needing a new world to inhabit within the next 35 days, yet prohibited by their moral code from killing intelligent life, The Alien provides each of the five with sets of three capsules in a clear, round, hand-held case. Each capsule is capable of destroying all human life within a 3,000-mile diameter, with the expectation that humanity will use all the capsules, obliterating itself, leaving the Earth free for alien colonization. The capsules' clear containers can only be opened by the thought waves of the person to whom they were given. Once out in the open, the capsules inside can then be used by anyone, but only during the next 27 days, after which they become inert. Returned to Earth, Eve (Valerie French) throws her capsules into the English Channel and then books a flight to Los Angeles. Su Tan (Marie Tsien) chooses to commit suicide, causing her capsules to self-destruct. The others go about their daily tasks undisturbed until the next day, when The Alien commandeers all electronic communications and reveals to the world the existence and power of the capsules. Overhearing the broadcast while on a trip to the U.S., Bechner (George Voskovec) is hit by a car while crossing the street and is taken to the hospital, while Pvt. Godofsky (Azemat Janti) is detained by his superiors. Arriving in Los Angeles, Eve is met by a now-disguised Clark (Gene Barry), who takes her to a closed race track where they can hide, undetected. Godofsky is interviewed by a Soviet general (Stefan Schnabel) who, dissatisfied with his vague story, orders him subjected to intense interrogation. Panic over the Alien's crisis grows in the days that follow. Repeated beatings leave Godofsky in shock, while a recovering Bechner refuses to reveal the details of The Alien's plan. After two Communist agents nearly succeed in assassinating Bechner, and an innocent man who looked like Clark is killed by a mob, Clark and Eve reveal themselves and are taken into U.S. government custody. Through the application of sodium pentothal to Godofsky, the Soviets discover The Alien's plan and gain access to his capsules. Their resulting announcement fuels global anxiety, prompting the other two (Su Tan's suicide early on neutralized her capsules) to cooperate with U.S. authorities. Confronted with an ultimatum for all U.S. military forces to withdraw throughout the world, the government tests one of Bechner's capsules to verify the Soviet threat: a dying volunteer is left on a raft far out in the ocean. After opening a capsule, he reads his exact coordinates out loud and is instantaneously vaporized. The U.S. begins withdrawing its forces worldwide. On board a U.S. Navy destroyer at sea as a deterrent against the Soviet capsules being used against America, Bechner, Clark, and Eve discuss their concerns that the Soviets will use them at the last minute, avoiding retaliation. Determined to find another way, Bechner studies the remaining capsules and discovers an imprinted mathematical code on them. As the Soviet general prepares to use the capsules from a balcony, Godofsky rushes him, and the capsules fall to the ground two stories below. At the very same moment, Bechner simultaneously launches his remaining capsules and the ones from Clark's container. He has deciphered the hidden code and discovered that the capsules can be programmed. The world is then blanketed with a high-pitched sonic wave that kills every known enemy of human freedom. In the aftermath, at an undisclosed later time, a now united humanity under the United Nations extends an invitation to The Alien and his people to coexist peacefully. It turns out that the preceding events had actually been a test of character, a way for The Alien to judge mankind's true nature. The Alien accepts, and a new day like no other dawns for humanity.
Major Barbara	British	drama	Gabriel Pascal	In this social satire, Barbara Undershaft (Hiller), an idealistic major in the Salvation Army, is deeply troubled by the fact that her father, Andrew Undershaft (Robert Morley), is a wealthy weapons manufacturer. Meanwhile, Andrew is looking for an heir for his industrial empire, in particular a foundling like himself.
Mountains of the Moon	American	drama	Bob Rafelson	Exploratory adventures of 1857, Sir Richard Burton (Patrick Bergin) and John Hanning Speke (Iain Glen), try to discover the true source of the Nile river.
Track 29	American	drama	Nicolas Roeg	The childless wife of a small town doctor in North Carolina, tired of his spending too much time playing with his model trains and her empty life, meets a young British hitchhiker in a café. She starts thinking he might be the baby she was made to give up for adoption when she was a schoolgirl of 15. In her fantasies, as the two start getting to know each other, she finds she has not only the child she has always missed but also a potentially virile lover. He for his part starts wanting to harm her husband, who in fact is planning to leave her for a nurse he loves.
A Show of Force	American	drama	Bruno Barreto	In 1978, Kate Melendez (Amy Irving) is a television news reporter who investigates the mysterious deaths of two radical Puerto Rican activists. The government claims they were terrorists while others claim the two were merely student activists. Despite threats to her own life, Melendez investigates the deaths, gradually leading her to conclude that undercover American agents were responsible for framing the activists as terrorists, and then murdering them.
The Love Guru	American	comedy	Marco Schnabel	Guru Pitka is the #2 Guru in the world, after Deepak Chopra. A flashback shows that Pitka was an orphan, taught by Guru Tugginmypudha. When the twelve year old Pitka announces he wants to become a Guru so that girls will love him, Tugginmypudha puts a chastity belt on him until he can learn that loving himself is more important than being loved by others. Pitka's dream is to become the number #1 Guru and appear on The Oprah Winfrey Show. He lives a charmed life with thousands of followers, including the celebrities Jessica Simpson, Val Kilmer and Mariska Hargitay. His teachings, which involve simplistic acronyms and plays on words, are displayed in PowerPoint slide shows. In Canada, Jane Bullard inherits the Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team, who are on a losing streak; her star player, Darren Roanoke, has been playing badly ever since his wife Prudence left him for the rival Los Angeles Kings player, Jacques Lè Cocq Grandè. Jane is a big fan of Pitka's, and offers to pay him $2 million to patch up Darren's marriage, so the team can win the Stanley Cup. Pitka's agent tells him that if he succeeds, Oprah will have him on her show. Pitka encourages the rival team to beat Darren up during a game, to distract him from his distress over his wife’s affair. Darren begins to play well but then gets suspended for the next two games after beating up Le Cocq, and hitting Coach Cherkov with a hockey puck. Later, Pitka has dinner with Jane. He tries to kiss her, only to hear a ding on his chastity belt. Upset when he tells her their love cannot be, she runs out. Pitka advises Darren to write an apology to Prudence, and fights off a rooster to deliver the letter. After they lose three games, Coach Cherkoff berates Jane and punches Pitka in the groin. He is only slightly injured from hitting the chastity belt but Pitka moans and drops to the ground. Pitka and Darren attempt a confrontation, but her invective ends up scaring both of them away. Pitka helps Darren realise that since his mother only showed him love when he succeeded he had grown to believe Prudence would only love him as long as he won. Pitka than drives himself and Darren to Niagra Falls for a Heart to Heart. With time running out, Pitka distracts Le Cocq with his idol, Celine Dion, then tells Prudence that Darren stood up to his mom, encouraging her to return to her husband. During the lead up to the final game, Le Cocq, having heard that Darren cannot play with his mother in the audience, gets her to sing the national anthem, causing Darren to flee. At the airport on his way to guest on Oprah, Pritka sees the news on television and defies his agent by going back to help Darren. After smoothing things over with his mother, Darren recovers until Le Cocq brags that Prudence prefers him in bed. Darren freezes and Pitka realizes he needs another distraction, which he provides by getting two elephants to have sex in the middle of the rink, in front of the live TV audience. Darren wakes up from his stupor and scores the winning goal. After the game, Pitka makes up with Jane and Coach Cherkov, then meets Deepak Chopra and decides that he is fine with being the first Guru Pitka instead of the next Deepak Chopra. Back in India, Guru Tugginmypudha tells Pitka that he has finally learned to love himself and removes Pitka's chastity belt, revealing there was a hook in the back. The film ends with Jane and Pitka dancing together in a Bollywood style number to a rendition of The Joker.
Pyaar Ka Saaya	Bollywood	drama	Vinod Verma	Avinash Saxena lives with his uncle and cousin, Vimal. His uncle passes away, leaving the estate to him, as he is aware that Vimal is a wastrel and alcoholic. Nevertheless, the two cousins get along quite well. When Avinash goes to visit one of his houses in the country side, he finds out that his servant, Ram Prasad, had let his bedroom to a young woman, Gloria, without his permission. After he meets Gloria both of them fall in love with each other and get married in a simple temple ceremony. They then return to the city, where Gloria, who is now Pooja, is introduced to Vimal. Then one night while returning home from a late night movie, the couple are attacked and Avinash is killed, leaving Pooja widowed and devastated. Then a few months later, Pooja is approached by a fortune-teller, Maya Gangadhami, who informs her that Avinash has been in touch with her and would like to console her as well as warn her that the man who killed him is also going to kill her also. Pooja ridicules this, and tells Vimal about this. What Pooja does not know is that Vimal himself was responsible for hiring the killer to kill Avinash so that he could inherit the estate and wealth as the sole surviving relative, and with no proof available of Pooja's marriage, all he has to do is arrange her death at the hands of the same killer.
Sleepaway Camp	American	horror	Robert Hiltzik	In 1975, John Baker and his boyfriend Lenny take John's children, Angela and Peter on a boating trip. While on a sailboat in the lake near Camp Arawak, the children prank their father by capsizing the boat. They attempt to swim ashore where Lenny is waiting for them. However, they swim into the path of a reckless motorboat towing a water skier, Delores, and driven by one of the camp’s counselors, Mary Ann. John and Peter are struck and killed as Delores screams in horror for help. Eight years later in 1983, Angela, still traumatized by the accident, has been living with her eccentric aunt, Dr. Martha Thomas, and her cousin Ricky. Angela is sent to Camp Arawak for the first time, along with Ricky, who has attended the camp previously. Due to her introverted nature, Angela is bullied, mostly by her bunkmate Judy and their counselor Meg. Angela’s other counselor Susie and the camp’s head counselor Ronnie, are sympathetic to her situation and do what they can to help her feel at home. The head cook, Artie, attempts to sexually assault Angela. Later, an unseen figure causes Artie to get severely scalded by the water he is boiling. Artie's incident is deemed accidental by camp owner Mel Costic. At a social, campers Kenny and Mike mock Angela, prompting Ricky and his friend Paul to get into a fight with them. Afterwards, Paul befriends Angela. Later that night, Kenny is drowned, his death also ruled accidental at Mel's insistence, even though Ronnie and police officer Frank, voice their skepticisms. Paul soon asks Angela to attend a movie with him. Later, campers Billy and Mike throw water balloons at Angela, and Billy is soon killed next, stung to death when he is trapped in a bathroom stall with a nest filled with bees. Mel starts thinking there is a killer in the camp. The relationship between Angela and Paul grows strained when Paul kisses her, causing her to have a flashback to her youth when she and her brother witnessed their father in bed with Lenny. Angela recoils from Paul and runs away. During a game of Capture the Flag, Paul is seduced by Judy, and the two are found kissing by Angela. Guilty, Paul later attempts to explain himself to Angela at the lake, but is shooed away by Judy and Meg, who throw Angela into the water. After being rescued by Ricky, Angela then has sand flung at her by small children. She is comforted by Ricky, who swears revenge on her aggressors. That night, Meg is stabbed to death in the shower while getting ready to meet with Mel. At the camp social, Paul apologizes to Angela again and she tells him to meet her at the water later on. Meanwhile, Mel finds Meg's body and is convinced that Ricky is the killer, since Ricky had threatened most of the people killed so far, for bullying Angela. At the same time, the six children who threw sand at Angela, are camping in the woods with their counselor Eddie, when two of them ask him to take them back to the camp. He returns to find the four remaining children hacked to death with his hatchet. Back at the camp, Judy is killed by being burned with a hot curling iron and smothered to death with a pillow. The camp is thrown into a panic with all the deaths. Thinking Ricky is the killer, Mel beats him mercilessly, only to be shot in the throat with an arrow by the real killer. Frank the police officer is called and begins searching with the counselors for the missing campers. Paul is at the beach with Angela, who suggests they go skinny dipping. Frank discovers Ricky unconscious, but alive. Ronnie and Susie find Angela sitting on the beach and humming, with Paul appearing to be resting his head on her lap as she strokes his hair. They are shocked when Angela jumps up holding a hunting knife, dropping Paul’s severed head, and they discover that not only is she the killer, but that Angela is actually Peter, her thought-to-be-dead brother. It is revealed that the real Angela died in the accident and Peter survived. After Martha gained custody of him, she decided to raise Peter as the girl she always wanted, already having a son. Shocked, Ronnie exclaims How can it be? My God, she’s a boy!”, as the nude and blood-covered, Angela with male genitalia in full view, stands before the horrified Susie and Ronnie, while letting out an animalistic sound.
Paul and Michelle	British	drama	Lewis Gilbert	Taking place approximately three years after the events in Friends, Paul and Michelle follows the family of Paul Harrison (Sean Bury) and Michelle Latour (Anicée Alvina) after they have been reunited. At the beginning of the film Paul finishes prep school and he informs his father (whom he still has not forgiven for separating him from Michelle and their child) that he plans to look for Michelle and now because he is a legal adult he can no longer stop him. Paul has to cope with the difficulties he faces balancing work, college, and trying to maintain their family as well as a new love interest for Michelle. The actor portraying Paul's father, Ronald Lewis, went on to receive a knighthood, this role was Lewis's last feature film appearance.[citation needed]
Yaad Rakhegi Duniya	Bollywood	romance	Deepak Anand	Vicky Anand (Aditya Pancholi) has just graduated from college with honors and decides to celebrate. An accident leads him to the hospital and the shocking discovery that he's suffering from a terminal illness. He decides to move to the lush, green locales of Ooty, a hill-station hoping to find peace and solitude, where he meets Naina (Rukhsar Rehman), a precocious young woman who enjoy playing pranks. Vicky finds support and encouragement befriending her and eventually falls in love with the mischievous and outgoing Naina, who also suffers from a terminal illness. Vicky comes to know about Naina's illness, and discusses this with her doctor dad, who confirms it, saying that there is no cure. Despite this, Vicky wants to marry her. When Vicky's mom comes to visit her son, he tells her about his love for Naina, and she is delighted. She rushes over to meet Naina for the first time, and is pleased with Vicky's choice. Then unknowingly she blurts out a truth so devastating, that it will change Naina's final remaining days forever.
 Railway Man, TheThe Railway Man	Australian	drama	Jonathan Teplitzky	During the Second World War, Eric Lomax is a British officer who is captured by the Japanese in Singapore and sent to a Japanese POW camp, where he is forced to work on the Thai-Burma Railway north of the Malay Peninsula. During his time in the camp as one of the Far East prisoners of war, Lomax is tortured by the Kempeitai (military secret police) for building a radio receiver from spare parts. The torture depicted includes beatings, rape, and waterboarding. Apparently, he had fallen under suspicion of being a spy, for supposedly using the British news broadcast receiver as a transmitter of military intelligence. In fact, however, his only intention had been to use the device as a morale booster for himself and his fellow prisoner-slaves. Lomax and his surviving comrades are finally rescued by the British Army. Some 30 years later, Lomax is still suffering the psychological trauma of his wartime experiences, though strongly supported by his wife Patricia. His best friend and fellow ex-POW Finlay brings him evidence that one of their captors, Japanese secret police officer Takashi Nagase, is now working as a tourist guide in the very camp where he and his men once tortured British POWs, having escaped prosecution for his war crimes. Before Lomax can act on this information, Finlay, unable to handle his memories of his experiences, commits suicide by hanging himself from a bridge. Lomax travels alone to Thailand and returns to the scene of his torture to confront Nagase 'in an attempt to let go of a lifetime of bitterness and hate'. When he finally confronts his former captor, Lomax first questions him in the same way Nagase and his men had interrogated him years before. The situation builds up to the point where Lomax prepares to smash Nagase's arm, using a club and a clamp designed by the Japanese for that purpose and now used as war exhibits. Out of guilt, Nagase does not resist, but Lomax redirects the blow at the last moment. Lomax threatens to cut Nagase's throat and finally pushes him into a bamboo cage, of the kind in which Lomax and many other POWs had been placed as punishment. Nagase soon reveals that the Japanese (including himself) were brainwashed into thinking the war would be a victorious one for them, and that he never knew the high casualties caused by the Imperial Japanese Army. Lomax finally frees Nagase, throws his knife into the nearby river, and finally at peace with himself, returns to Britain. After an indefinite period of time, Lomax returns, with Patricia, to Thailand. He meets up with Nagase once again, and in an emotional scene, after exchanging and accepting each other's apologies, the two make peace. The epilogue relates that Nagase and Eric remained friends until their deaths in 2011 and 2012, respectively.
Ted 2	American	comedy	Seth MacFarlane	John Bennett has been divorced from Lori Collins for six months. Meanwhile, his best friend Ted, marries his girlfriend, Tami-Lynn. One year later, following a heated argument, they decide to have a child. As Ted can not have children, John agrees to help Ted find a sperm donor, They asked Sam J. Jones but he refuses due to a low sperm count. Then they try to unsuccessfully break into Tom Brady's house and steal his sperm. Ultimately, John offers to donate his sperm. Despite Ted and John's efforts, Tami-Lynn's historical drug use has rendered her infertile and the couple decide to adopt. As background checks are carried out, Ted brings his legal status as a person into question. The state authorities of Massachusetts declare Ted property rather than a person, resulting in the loss of his job at a grocery store - shortly after reassuring a customer that buying a box of Trix, as an adult, will not bring him to any harm. Furthermore, Ted's credit card and bank accounts are frozen while his marriage to Tami-Lynn is annulled. John suggests that they take the state to court, and their case is assigned to a novice lawyer pro-bono, Samantha Leslie Jackson. The three bond over their love of marijuana as they prepare to present the case. Meanwhile, Donny, Ted's life-long stalker and would-be abductor, is now employed as a janitor at the headquarters of toy company Hasbro, in New York City. He convinces the company CEO to hire an expert attorney to ensure that Ted maintains his status as property, therefore leaving him open to seizure by the firm to create more living teddy bears. Despite Samantha's best efforts, the court rules against Ted. Disheartened but desperate, the trio contact Patrick Meighan, a highly respected civil rights attorney, hoping he'll take the case and overturn the court's decision. Driving to Manhattan to meet him, Ted crashes into a hidden marijuana patch, where Samantha and John realize their attraction for each other. The next day, the trio meet Meighan, who is sympathetic to Ted's plight but ultimately refuses the case, as he believes he has not significantly contributed to humanity due to his juvenile slacker lifestyle. Ted, angry at the injustice and jealous of Samantha and John's new relationship, wanders off. Donny follows him as he wanders into the New York Comic-Con. Once inside, Donny attempts to kidnap Ted, who flees and contacts John for help. John and Samantha arrive at Comic-Con and search for Ted, arriving as Donny is about to cut him open. As they make their escape, Donny cuts the cables holding up a model of the USS Enterprise and it swings towards Ted. John pushes Ted out of the way, takes the hit, and is knocked unconscious. Ted identifies Donny and he is arrested. At the hospital, Samantha, Ted and Tami-Lynn rejoice when John recovers. Patrick Meighan decides to take the case, telling them he has been inspired by John's selflessness and Ted's emotions over his fallen friend. Meighan gets the ruling overturned by demonstrating that Ted is self-aware, that he feels complex emotions, and is capable of empathy. Outside the court, Ted re-proposes to Tami-Lynn. After they are re-married, Ted and Tami-Lynn, adopting the surname of Clubberlang, adopt a baby boy, whom they name Apollo Creed, while John and Samantha happily pursue their own relationship.
The Possession of Joel Delaney	American	horror	Waris Hussein	Norah Benson and her younger brother Joel Delaney attend a party being given by Dr. Erika Lorenz. Joel's girlfriend Sherry appears. Norah is extremely protective of her brother, and it is subtly implied that theirs is not an ordinary siblings' relationship. The siblings have sensibly different, albeit somehow complementary mindsets; in contrast to Norah's upscale, self-compliant snobbishness, Joel is more of an adventurous, bohemian type and frequently goes on trips to exotic locations. Two days after the party, Joel fails to attend a scheduled dinner at Norah's house. When she calls him, all she hears is somebody breathing and making odd sounds into the phone. She tells her children Carrie and Peter to go ahead and eat, and heads over to her brother's seedy Spanish Harlem apartment to find out about his delay. Norah sees Joel dragged out by the police. She then learns that he tried to kill the building superintendent, Mr. Pérez (Aukie Herger), and is being taken to Bellevue Hospital. She learns that Joel has been taken to the psychiatric ward for observation. At Joel's apartment, she finds the whole place in disarray and an eerie sign painted in the wall of both the super's and his brother's flats. She also finds an unusually large switchblade knife. Sherry arrives and dismisses the possibility of Joel being homicidal, although she admits to him having a dark side. At the hospital, Joel claims not to remember the assault on the super. He insists that he did not take drugs but agrees to confess he did in exchange for leaving Bellevue and attending daily appointments with Dr. Lorenz. In one session, Erika asks why someone from such an affluent background would want to live in the East Village. Joel tells her he formed a strong bond with a young Puerto Rican named Tonio Pérez (the super's son, as it is later revealed). At home, Joel behaves oddly. He asks Norah inappropriate questions about her sex life. He sneaks from his room and goes to a nearby nightclub where he finds Sherry intoxicated and flirting with other men. At her luxury high-rise apartment, Joel gets rough during their lovemaking. The next day is Joel's birthday and he invites Sherry to Norah's for a small party, attended by Norah's kids plus Sherry and Veronica. Joel starts acting childishly, pretending he has found Sherry's lost earring. He then nearly burns Sherry's hair in the candles on the cake and spouts insults in fluent Spanish. Norah goes to Sherry's apartment to return her other earring. To her horror she finds the girl's decapitated body on the bed and her head hanging from a huge plant. Detective Brady arrives to question her, asking whether Joel has any Puerto Rican friends. It turns out the murder is similar to three others from the summer before in which the victims were found decapitated this way. The grisly deaths got little attention because the girls were Hispanic. The belief is that Tonio Pérez committed the crimes but he's been missing ever since. The investigation stalled when Pérez's neighbors in Spanish Harlem refused to cooperate. The detective insists on seeing Joel, who is taken away by the officer. Norah goes to the library to look at articles about the Pérez murders. She calls home to speak to Veronica but finds out that the maid quit. Norah takes a taxi up to Spanish Harlem and implores Veronica to help her learn what's going on with her brother. Norah is given the name and address of Don Pedro, owner of a store that sells paraphernalia for Santería rituals. He asks her to bring one of Joel's belongings to his flat. Norah brings a scarf belonging to Joel and finds Tonio's mother, who claims that Tonio is dead and his spirit has entered Joel's body. Mrs. Pérez admits that her son killed the other three girls and tells Norah that Tonio's father killed him when he found out. Others arrive and the ceremony begins. All seem possessed by the spirit they're trying to channel. The ritual turns out to be a failure, though; according to Don Pedro, Tonio's spirit doesn't want to come out because Norah isn't a believer. She must return with Joel. At home, she finds Joel screaming (again, in perfectly fluent Spanish) and barricaded inside. She takes the kids to Erika's apartment. Erika promises to deal with Joel. Norah rents a car and goes to her beach house. Erika's husband leaves for a business trip, unaware that Joel is standing outside of their apartment building. Norah comes back from the beach with her children and finds Erika's severed head on a cabinet above the refrigerator. Joel is standing nearby with a knife. Now uniformly possessed by his Spanish-speaking persona, he keeps them captive and subjects them to both physical and psychological torment. He taunts them by graphically cutting open a fish the kids caught. Joel puts on music and orders them all to dance. Joel orders the boy to strip. In the kitchen, he tries to force Carrie to eat dog food before slashing her neck slightly. Benson and the police arrive and Norah yells at them not to shoot. They can only watch what's happening through the glass doors. Norah lunges at Joel to stop him, but he gives his sister a passionate kiss. Norah tells the kids to run out of the house. Joel goes after them and is shot by one of the officers. His sister runs to his side but it's too late. Norah picks up the knife and holds it up toward the cop, now seemingly possessed.
Pony Soldier	American	western	Joseph M. Newman	In 1876, the North-West Mounted Police send Constable Duncan MacDonald (Tyrone Power) and a blackmailed Blackfoot scout (Thomas Gomez) to get the Cree to sign Treaty 6 with The Crown. Initially hostile, the Cree are influenced by a Fata Morgana type mirage that they mistake for the power of Queen Victoria. In addition to negotiating with the Cree, MacDonald of the Mounted rescues white hostages (Robert Horton and Penny Edwards) arrests a murderer, and adopts a Cree son (Anthony Earl Numkena).
Dangerous Game	American	drama	Abel Ferrara	Utilizing a film-within-a-film format, the overall plot involves New York City-based director Eddie Israel directing actors Sarah Jennings and Frank Burns in a Hollywood marital-crisis drama, Mother of Mirrors, which is about a formerly wealthy but unemployed husband who berates his newly religious wife about what he considers her hypocritical aversion to their sex-and-drug lifestyle. During the shooting of that film, Israel becomes more and more demanding of his actors, growing increasingly obsessive with finding the ugly truths beneath the story's surface. All the while, his own carelessness and bad behavior with his own family begins to erode him and to corrode his marriage to Madlyn.
Ang Babaeng Humayo	Filipino	drama	Lav Diaz	Horacia Somorostro (Charo Santos-Concio) was released in 1997 after being imprisoned for a crime she did not commit. Although Somorostro reunites with her daughter, she learns that her husband is now deceased and her son is missing. She realized that a thing remains unchanged - the power and privilege of the elite. This belief is cemented when Somorostro later found out that her former rich lover, Rodrigo Trinidad was the one who framed her for a crime. She learns that Trinidad is forced to stay within his house like his friends due to kidnapping incidents targeting the rich. To the ruling class, the kidnappings are the most serious problem in the country's history. Somorostro begins to plot her revenge amidst the crisis.
The Cemetery Club	American	drama	Bill Duke	Based on the play by Ivan Menchell, this comedy-drama concerns three friends, Doris (Olympia Dukakis), Lucille (Diane Ladd), and Esther (Ellen Burstyn). All three live in the same Jewish community in Pittsburgh, are in their mid-to-late 50s, and have become widows within the past few years. Once a week, they gather to visit their husbands' graves and meet at a deli afterward to talk about their lives. Doris remains fiercely devoted to her late husband and takes her responsibilities as a widow seriously. Lucille is eager to get her feet back in the waters of dating, partly as revenge against her late husband, who often cheated on her, and partly because she's very lonely by herself. Esther is also not used to being alone after 39 years of marriage, but she doesn't feel ready to start dating again, at least not until she meets Ben (Danny Aiello), a former cop turned cab driver who gradually but firmly eases his way into her life. Doris is appalled when she discovers that Esther is dating again and loudly protests that she's being disrespectful to her late husband, while Lucille is more than a bit jealous that Esther snagged a good man before she could. All of which comes to fruition at the wedding of their friend Selma (Lainie Kazan). Jerry Orbach and Lee Richardson appear in a brief prologue sequence.
The Hitman	American	action	Aaron Norris	Seattle cop Cliff Garret (Chuck Norris) is severely wounded in a drug bust gone bad—shot by his corrupt partner Ronny “Del” Delany (Michael Parks). Garret dies momentarily in the emergency room, but is revived with a defibrillator. His police supervisor has the hospital conceal his survival, and Garret is given a new identity. Garret becomes hit man Danny Grogan, and he infiltrates the organization of mob boss mafioso Marco Luganni (Al Waxman). The plan is for Grogan to bring together Luganni and his rival, French Canadian mafioso boss André LaCombe (Marcel Sabourin), so they can both be taken down together. After two years of working the plan, a gang of Iranian drug dealers looking to muscle in on everyone's territories suddenly enter the picture when they make a hit on one of Luganni's teams just as they finished making a hit on a team of LaCombe's money carriers. Grogan plays all parties against one another while befriending a fatherless boy named Tim Murphy (Salim Grant), who lives in the apartment down the hall and is being bullied by a racist white kid in the neighborhood. Tim's mother works three jobs, so he begins spending time with Grogan. Grogan teaches Tim how to fight after seeing him bullied on the street one day. When Tim stands up to the white kid, he gets the best of him, then watches as the white kid is dragged off by his father and beaten for losing the fight. Grogan walks across the street, punches the father in the nose through a screen door, so hard that it knocks the father to the ground, then Grogan walks away. Grogan’s past returns to haunt him in the person of Ronny Delany, who is secretly working with Luganni. Delany recognizes Grogan as Garret, and ties Tim to a chair loaded with explosives in a bid to force Grogan to cooperate. Delany sets off the chair bomb, but Grogan is unharmed and Tim survives. Grogan turns the tables on them all. At a meeting to set terms of an alliance, Delany has Luganni's men kill LaCombe and his men. Then the Iranians and Delany kill Luganni, but Grogan arrives on the scene and kills all of them. In the end, Grogan blows up Delany while tied to a chair hanging outside a window, in retribution for what he did to Tim.
The Flanagan Boy	British	drama	Reginald Le Borg	A shady promoter (James) spots a young boxer (Wright) and takes him under his wing, in an attempt to launch a comeback into prizefighting. He secures the backing of a wealthy Italian (Valk), but problems start to arise when the fighter becomes romantically involved with the millionaire's wife (Payton).
Ivan Tsarevich and the Gray Wolf	Russian	animation	Vladimir Toropchin	The young princess Vasilisa from a faraway kingdom is too enthusiastic about her education and she dreams of marrying out of love only. Her father, an elderly king, not unfamiliar with intrigues, gives up in trying to get his daughter to settle down. Meanwhile, his minister, cunning and dexterous, but not very intelligent, under the influence of a living shadow-spirit with sin in half decides to steal the famous royal key from the secret storage. In the opinion of this spirit, the best way to realize this plan is to marry Vasilisa. However, before the minister manages to convince the king in what he wants, the king announces to his daughter that she must get married to the first man she meets. And this man turns out to be a certain Ivan from the neighboring kingdom - a simple guy, hard-working and good-natured, who dreams of becoming a fireman. By chance, the unwilling bride and groom fall in love with each other. But in order to defend their right to happiness, they have to endure many trials.
The Unbearable Lightness of Being	American	drama	Philip Kaufman	Charismatic Czech brain surgeon, Tomas, a successful lothario in Communist Czechoslovakia, is pursuing a love/hate affair with Sabina, an equally care-free artist in Prague. One day, Dr Tomas makes a long distance call to a spa town for a specialized surgery. There, he meets dissatisfied waitress Tereza, who desires intellectual stimulation. She tracks him down in Prague and moves in with him, complicating Tomas's extra-domestic sexual affairs. Tomas asks Sabina to help Tereza find work as a photographer. Tereza is fascinated and jealous as she grasps that Sabina and Tomas are lovers, but has a somewhat lesbian affection for Sabina. Nevertheless, Tomas marries Tereza, in a simple ceremony with both perpetually laughing, followed by her double standard distress about Tomas' promiscuity. Although she considers leaving Tomas, she becomes more attached to Tomas when Soviet Army tanks invade Czechoslovakia. Amidst the confusion, Tereza photographs demonstrations against the Soviet forces and victims, then hands the rolls of film to foreigners to smuggle to the West. Facing the stultifying reality that replaced the Prague Spring, Tomas, Sabina and Tereza flee Czechoslovakia for Switzerland: first Sabina, then the hesitant Tomas and Tereza. In Geneva, Sabina encounters Franz, a married university professor: they begin a love affair. After some time, he decides to abandon his wife and family for her. After hearing the declaration, Sabina abandons Franz, feeling he would emotionally weigh her down. Meanwhile, Tereza and Tomas attempt to adapt to Switzerland, whose people Tereza finds inhospitable. When she discovers that Tomas continues womanizing, she leaves him and returns to Czechoslovakia. Upset by her leaving, Tomas follows Tereza to Czechoslovakia, where his passport is confiscated, trapping him in-country: nevertheless, his return elates Tereza. They are re-united. In Prague, Tomas has resumed his brain surgeon position, but having written a scathing article criticizing the Soviet-backed Czech régime before the invasion, berating them for claiming ignorance of Soviet political purges but seeming unremorseful, noting Oedipus Rex plucked out his eyes upon understanding his crime, but the autocractic figures haven't, has rendered him a political anomaly and has jeopardized his re-employment. The régime demands his signature to a letter repudiating the article, claiming that Tomas' article fueled the anti-communist sentiment. Tomas refuses and is presumably black-listed from practising medicine. Tomas is apparently a window washer, and is recognized by the daughter of a high-ranking official, aware of her family connection, brazenly does his trademark take off your clothes line that is successful in examining a pain in her back. As a waitress, Tereza meets an engineer who propositions her. Aware of Tomas's infidelity, she encounters a one-time and passionless sexual liaison with the engineer. Remorseful, she fears the engineer might have been a secret agent for the régime, who might denounce her and Tomas. She contemplates suicide at a canal bank; by chance, Tomas passes by Tereza and woos her back. Stressed by insubstantial city life, Tereza convinces Tomas to leave Prague for the country: they go to a village where an old patient of Tomas's welcomes them. In the village, they live an idyllic life, far from the political intrigues of Prague. In contrast, Sabina has gone to the US, where she continues with the detached bohemian style of life. Later, Sabina is shocked by the letter telling of the fate of Tereza and Tomas in a fatal traffic accident while returning after drinking in a tavern. Their lightness no longer unbearable, Tereza and Tomas were deeply satisfied as they drove towards death.
Live Freaky! Die Freaky!	American	animation	John Roecker	The film starts out with a futuristic Nomad from the year 3069 who accidentally discovers the book Helter Skelter while searching for food in a desert on the former site of Los Angeles. He mistakes the book as the Bible, and reads it as if Charles Hanson (most of the character names are derived from real people involved with the Manson murders, with their names altered by changing a letter into an 'H') is the messiah. As he reads, we flash back to 1969 where Susan Hatkins meets Charlie during a bad LSD trip. Charlie then renames her Hadie and she is accepted into his family where they plan things to change the world, and make music. After finding out that the snobby, nature hating actress Sharon Hate is supposed to be filming a movie in the desert where they are living, Charlie and the family plot to kill her. Charlie claims to get messages through songs, such as I Want to Hold Your Hand by The Beatles, which tell him to kill Sharon Hate. Soon after brutally murdering Sharon Hate and her friends, Hay and Abigail, the family goes after the Ha Biancas, after Mr. Ha Bianca (who was very rude to Squeaky) decided to build a parking lot, which would cover the entire desert, in Sharon Hate's honor. They kill him and his wife, and are later found by the police in the desert, after which they have a trial and are sentenced to death by gassing, electric chair, and hanging til dead. We go back to the Nomad in 3069 who carves an X in his forehead and uses Charlie Manson as a sort of Messiah.
Witchfinder General	British	horror	Michael Reeves	In 1645, during the English Civil War, Matthew Hopkins (Vincent Price), an opportunist and witchhunter, takes advantage of the breakdown in social order to impose a reign of terror in East Anglia. Hopkins and his assistant, John Stearne (Robert Russell), visit village after village, brutally torturing confessions out of suspected witches. They charge the local magistrates for the work they carry out. Richard Marshall (Ian Ogilvy) is a young Roundhead. After surviving a brief skirmish and killing his first enemy soldier (and thus saving the life of his Captain), he rides home to Brandeston, Suffolk, to visit his lover Sara (Hilary Dwyer). Sara is the niece of the village priest, John Lowes (Rupert Davies). Lowes gives his permission to Marshall to marry Sara, telling him there is trouble coming to the village and he wants Sara far away before it arrives. Marshall asks Sara why the old man is frightened. She tells him they have been threatened and become outcasts in their own village. Marshall vows to Sara, rest easy and no-one shall harm you. I put my oath to that. At the end of his army leave, Marshall rides back to join his regiment, and chances upon Hopkins and Stearne on the path. Marshall gives the two men directions to Brandeston then rides on. In Brandeston, Hopkins and Stearne immediately begin rounding up suspects. Lowes is accused at his home and tortured. He has needles stuck into his back (in an attempt to locate the so-called Devil's Mark), and is about to be killed, when Sara stops Hopkins by offering him sexual favours in exchange for her uncle's safety. However, soon Hopkins is called away to another village. Stearne takes advantage of Hopkins' absence by raping Sara. When Hopkins returns and finds out what Stearne has done, Hopkins will have nothing further to do with the young woman. He instructs Stearne to begin torturing Lowes again. Shortly before departing the village, Hopkins and Stearne execute Lowes and two women. Marshall returns to Brandeston and is horrified by what has happened to Sara. He vows to kill both Hopkins and Stearne. After marrying Sara in a ceremony of his own devising and instructing her to flee to Lavenham, he rides off by himself. In the meantime, Hopkins and Stearne have become separated after a Roundhead patrol attempts to commandeer their horses. Marshall locates Stearne, but after a brutal fight, Stearne is able to escape. He reunites with Hopkins and informs him of Marshall's desire for revenge. Hopkins and Stearne enter the village of Lavenham. Marshall, on a patrol to locate the King, learns they are there and quickly rides to the village with a group of his soldier friends. Hopkins, however, having earlier learned that Sara was in Lavenham, has set a trap to capture Marshall. Hopkins and Stearne frame Marshall and Sara as witches and take them to the castle to be interrogated. Marshall watches as needles are repeatedly jabbed into Sara's back, but he refuses to confess to witchcraft, instead vowing again to kill Hopkins. He breaks free from his bonds and stamps on Stearne's face, at the same time that his army comrades approach the castle dungeon. Marshall grabs an axe and repeatedly strikes Hopkins. The soldiers enter the room and are horrified to see what their friend has done. One of them puts the mutilated but still living Hopkins out of his misery by shooting him dead. Marshall's mind snaps and he shouts, You took him from me! You took him from me! Sara, also apparently on the brink of insanity, screams uncontrollably over and over again.
Long Time Dead	British	horror	Marcus Adams	The film begins showing people using a ouija board in Morocco. Throughout the scene, something is seen from first person perspective coming at high speed towards the people. The main film begins with four housemates Rob (Joe Absolom), Liam (Alec Newman), Stella (Lara Belmont) and Webster (Lukas Haas) deciding to go out and party. Also going to the party is Lucy (Marsha Thomason) (a friend of Stella), Spencer (James Hillier), Joe (Mel Raido) (a new housemate of the first three) and Annie (Melanie Gutteridge) (Liam's girlfriend). As the night progresses, they all try to find the biggest buzz they can, until Spencer suggests a ouija board, saying it is the weirdest buzz he's ever had. The partygoers agree and participate, all placing their right index fingers on an upside-down glass with the alphabet and the words 'Yes' and 'No' written in a circle around the glass. Lucy tells them that under no circumstances should they remove their fingers from the glass early – otherwise the spirit they summon will not be able to return. At first, the glass moves slowly, spelling out 'DJINN', but when Liam asks if it can predict the future, the glass sharply goes to 'Yes'. It then proceeds to spell out 'ALL DIE' and then Annie's name. Before the ritual can continue, however, Liam experiences visions similar to the prologue that causes him to run away. Annie goes to see him to check if he's alright, but Liam refuses to talk. Annie realises she has left her inhaler in the room that they used the ouija board in, and goes back to get it. When she gets there, she becomes frightened by noises. Eventually she sees something that the camera does not see, and it gives chase (as shown through the first person view that was used in the prologue). Finding Liam nowhere and with her exits barred, she attempts to climb over a glass roof to safety, but the thing giving chase grabs her legs and she falls through the glass roof into the party below, dying instantly. As the camera pans out, severe burn marks are seen on her legs. The group are distraught by her death, but while Spencer goes to find some hash to calm himself down, Lucy goes back to her boat and does some research. She comes across a description of a djinn, explaining that it's made of fire. She learns that it can be banished by using lawful magic. She is suddenly disturbed by banging all around her, but it turns out to be a boatman who is telling her that the electrics are down. Lucy and Spencer go to the house where everyone else lives and discuss the events of the night. Lucy suggests to the housemates that they may have summoned a djinn, saying the burns on Annie are signs of this being true. The housemates are still skeptical, so they watch the tape they recorded of the 'summoning' to check if anyone was pushing it. Soon after Liam freaks out in the video, however, the electricity in the house goes out. Webster and Spencer break into Becker (Tom Bell), the landlord's, flat and find a hidden shrine of sorts to the Djinn with grisly photos and newspaper cuttings. It is also revealed that Liam's father, Paul Brennan, had been in the same predicament once (as shown in the prologue) and killed his mother as a result. He pleaded insanity and was put in a mental hospital. Joe attempts to get information out of Liam about it the next day at college, but he gets angry and leaves. Stella also leaves soon after, and goes to the toilet. She starts to freak out about a burning smell when an unnamed female black student (Tameka Empson) tells her it's just a joint. Calming down, Stella goes to leave, but is pulled into another stall, where she is brutally murdered (the viewer can only see her feet lifting off the ground as they slowly become covered in her own blood). Her body is discovered by the female student. Liam goes to see his father to get answers but it quickly descends into a row. When Liam mentions Becker his father shouts that he is there to protect Liam. Liam leaves without hearing this. Meanwhile, Joe and Webster sneak back into the house (now under police guard) to get the camera which recorded the ritual and Webster insists on watching it there. Joe goes to the kitchen to get a light for his cigarette. Meanwhile, Webster is thrown into a panic by something on the film. He goes to look for Joe. In the hallway he turns the lights on and realises he is standing in a pool of blood. He runs for the front door which is locked, so he rushes back upstairs to get the keys. He has to hide under the bed as he is being chased by the djinn. While the djinn does not see him, it dumps Joe's dead body in the room - his throat has been slit. Webster silently exits the room with keys in hand but steps on a broken light bulb, alerting the djinn. He races back down to open the door, but the djinn catches up and kills him before he can succeed. Rob and Spencer return to Lucy's boat and tell her of Stella's death. Lucy demands that they perform the banishing ritual, so they return to the warehouse where the party was held. Liam attempts to catch up with them, but upon arriving at their boat, they have already left. Lucy, Spencer and Rob begin the ritual, but as they are performing it, a sudden burst of flame from the ouija board frightens them all off. Spencer runs off and tries to look around, but when he drops a large metal pole he alerts the djinn, who has already arrived, to his location. He hides in a cupboard. We then learn that the djinn has possessed Rob. The djinn walks off, making Spencer think he is safe, until he bursts into the cupboard from behind and kills Spencer after knowing he was there by smelling the blood on his cut hand on a shard of glass he's holding tightly in fear. Liam enters the building, as does Mr. Becker, who is holding a petrol can. As Liam walks into the ritual room, Rob runs out, shouting Liam, it's Becker, he's here! but is interrupted by Becker who hits him with a bat and proceeds to douse him with petrol. Liam, thinking Becker is the djinn, runs in to save Rob, accidentally pushing Becker down some stairs. When he goes back to look Becker has disappeared. Later Becker reappears and Liam is about to kill him in revenge for Annie until Rob rushes in and stops him. Seconds later, Rob kills Becker in a panic when Becker attempts to choke him. They start to leave, Rob attempting to convince Liam there really was no djinn but Liam remembers Lucy and they go looking for her. Liam finds her hanged in the lift shaft. Rob reveals to Liam that he is the djinn, telling Liam that it's his turn as his father sent him somewhere terrible, so now Liam will know the pain that he has. Liam attempts to stab him, but Rob blocks it with his hand, which bleeds but also starts a small flame. As Rob taunts Liam, Liam realises through another flashback that fire will kill the djinn. He grabs the nearby lantern and wards off Rob with it, but as Rob attempts to fake being unpossessed (by crying and admitting fear) Liam tosses the lantern at him, setting him ablaze. Liam kicks him down the lift shaft, but a few seconds later he grabs onto Liam's shin (now heavily burned and scarred). Liam finishes him by shutting the lift door on him, causing him to fall all the way down. After a while Liam opens the door to check he is dead, but a burst of flame pushes him back, signalling his body has been destroyed. Liam goes back to the mental hospital to see his father face to face, and they reconcile only for Liam to reveal he too is now possessed. He kills his father. The djinn, now free, sets off. As the camera rolls back from the cell, it is revealed that Liam had killed a prison officer to get in, and Liam suddenly appears in front of the camera, and reveals his eyes are now permanently like the djinn's.
Debipaksha	Bengali	romance	Raja Sen	The film revolves around the lives of a village priest, Anandamohan Bhattacharya, his wife Anima (Bhattacharya), and their three daughters. Anandamohan is a dedicated Brahmin priest and tries to follow all the rituals and scriptures wholeheartedly. He named his three daughters Rebati, Haimanti, and Jayanti, the three names of Hindu goddess Durga.[3] Rebati, the eldest daughter of Anandamohan and Anima, is a widow. Her husband died in a tram accident, and she now lives with her parents. Haimanti, the couple's second daughter, is in a relation with Nikhilesh and lives in the same village. The couple's youngest daughter is Jayanti. Haimanti is sexually molested by a local criminal Ratan Samanta in front of her boyfriend Nikhilesh. Anandamohan decides not to disclose the incident to anyone and secretly sends Haimanti to his brother Sushanta's house in Mumbai. After a few days there, Sushanta also attempts to molest her. Haimanti escapes the house and by chance meets Mrs. Deshpande and Mr. Shukla, who are human rights and women's rights workers. They give Haimanti shelter.[3] With the assistance of Mrs. Deshpande and Mr. Shukla, and while applying her own talent, Haimanti becomes a popular actress. She returns to her village after six years to take revenge against Ratan on the eve of Mahalaya, the first day of Devipaksha (the fortnight during which the festival of Durga Puja takes place). She meets Nikhilesh and finds that he could not go back to normal life after the molestation of Haimanti, and is now a drug addict. Jayanti, Anandmohan's youngest daughter, is now a college student. Ratan learns about Haimanti's return and comes to their house to threaten her but finds that she has good acquaintance with people for whom Ratan works. Ratan is instructed over phone by his bosses not to harass the family and leave the house at once. Thus Ratan is taught a good lesson and he becomes worried. Later Ratan finds that he is losing his job and contacts because of Haimanti's influences and thus he becomes more ferocious.[3] On the day of Dashami (the last day of Durga Puja), Ratan loses all control and again comes to the house of Anandamohan to harass them. Haimanti tries to contact local police but fails to do so. Now, Ratan tries to molest Jayanti. Without having any other option, Haimanti takes the trident from idol of Durga's hand and kills Ratan.[3]
Silver on the Sage	American	western	Lesley Selander	Windy (George Gabby Hayes) makes the mistake of accusing the buyer, Lazy-J owner Tom Hamilton (Frederick Burton), of the theft, but Lucky (Russell Hayden) suspects the foreman Dave Talbot (Stanley Ridges). Hamilton is murdered, however, and Talbot has the perfect alibi: He was playing cards at the Mirage Bar where Hoppy (William Boyd) had gotten himself a job under the guise of being the noted gambler Bill Thompson. With Talbot not able to be in two places at the same time, the marshal (Jack Rockwell) has no choice but to arrest Lucky for murder.[3]
Veronika Decides to Die	American	drama	Emily Young	Although living what looks like a successful life, Veronika (Sarah Michelle Gellar) is depressed and cannot find meaning in her existence. Intending suicide, she takes an overdose, blaming her attempted suicide on the failure of the world to recognize what is real. She wakes inside an exclusive and expensive mental asylum only to learn that the overdose has left her prone to an aneurysm that will kill her in a matter of weeks. At first, Veronika wants only to accelerate the process, and even a visit by her adoptive parents fails to rekindle her will to live. Her parents love her, but while they are prepared to spend their dwindling resources to get her what help they can (not knowing her death is imminent anyway), they don't truly understand her. They discouraged her from accepting a full musical scholarship at Juilliard because they wanted her to get a degree that could earn her a living. They do not see how she despairs at their constraints. In spite of herself and in spite of her disappointment with her materialistic life, Veronika finds renewed purpose through playing the asylum's piano and through observing and then connecting with the schizophrenic Edward (Jonathan Tucker). Not only does she recover her own will to live, Veronika helps Edward come out of his catatonic state, and the pair soon 'escape' (Dr Blake, looking out his window, observes them escaping, but doesn't send for anyone to bring them back) from the asylum together, determined to enjoy Veronika's final days as a couple. Veronika does not know that her aneurysm is the invention of her unorthodox psychiatrist Dr. Blake (David Thewlis), who is testing his theory that convincing her she has only weeks to live will restore her to health and cure her desire to commit suicide. He explains his treatment through letter to his estranged wife, a colleague from the asylum. Most people who attempt suicide repeat their attempts until successful.[citation needed] As long as she does not know the truth, he theorizes, she will consider each day as if it might be her last and thus treasure it. This is, he notes, actually true, as nobody knows when their end will come. When Veronika drifts off one morning on a bench at sunrise, Edward believes he has lost her, but his grief transforms to joy when she wakes. Celebrating what they believe might be one more day, the pair embrace and walk happily on the beach in the morning light, laughing and hold hands.
Played	British	crime	Sean Stanek	The story opens in Los Angeles with Dillon (Val Kilmer) who receives a phone call from Ray Burns (Mick Rossi) who has just been shot and desperately needs help. Dillon is a cleaner for a gangster named Eddie (Gabriel Byrne) and has been sent to assist Ray should he require it. After a colorful opening title sequence which follows Dillon's drive to the house, he finds Ray almost bleeding to death on a sofa. Removing all of the evidence, Dillon leaves carrying Ray to his car but not before he torches the house, destroying any evidence of Ray's presence. As Dillon and Ray drive away, Dillon struggles to keep Ray conscious and relates to him a story of a humorous encounter with a Mexican auto mechanic, which coins one of the catchphrases of the film: I'm not gonna taco. The story then flashes back to eight years earlier and introduces Riley (Patrick Bergin) as he admires some artwork in a London gallery. He receives a call on his cell phone from the crooked Detective Brice (Vinnie Jones), who informs Riley that there is a shipment of heroin coming in, and that he wants Riley to get a team together and steal it for him. Riley agrees to the job and tells Brice that he has just the man to do it, a petty thief named Ray Burns. Riley gives a menacing stare to the gallery attendant (Caspar von Winterfeldt) in one of the films funnier moments before leaving to meet with Ray. After they discuss the details of the job at hand, Ray agrees to do the job and meets up with his team, which consists of Nathan (Sean Power) and Terry Rawlings (Trevor Nugent) son of infamous moblord Jack Rawlings (Roy Dotrice) and Terry's girlfriend, Cindy (Patsy Kensit). Together they begin plotting the heist: Nathan will go up to the roof and act as lookout while Ray and Terry break into the warehouse to steal the heroin. Unfortunately, during the heist, Nathan loses his footing and tumbles to his death, falling through a skylight and triggering an alarm, alerting the guards. Ray and Terry manage to escape with the drugs, but lose contact with each other. Shortly thereafter, Brice calls Riley to inform him that the heist went terribly wrong, and that Nathan is dead. To cover his own tracks, he tells Riley to find a scapegoat, and Riley immediately names Ray. Meanwhile, Ray, who has gone into hiding, tries to call Terry but doesn't get an answer. He turns to Riley to find out what happened. Riley tells Ray that Nathan is dead and that Scotland Yard is looking for him, omitting the fact that Terry has handed over the drugs and that Brice is behind the whole heist. Ray decides he needs to disappear for a while and attempts to go underground, but before he can do so the police pick him up on an anonymous tip from Brice. Ray is convicted for the robbery and the manslaughter of Nathan, and is subsequently sentenced to eight years in prison. Ray serves his time, but has no contact with the outside world, denying even his closest lover and girlfriend Maggie (Joanne Whalley) a visit. He also learns by reading the paper that Terry has died of a drug overdose. Saddened by the news, Ray vows to get revenge on Brice and Riley as soon as he is free. While Ray is serving time, Riley and Brice continue their crooked ways, and Brice informs Riley that he has an incriminating video tape of London Charlie (Steve Jones) that could be worth some cash. He dispatches Riley to Los Angeles to blackmail London Charlie. Riley arrives in Los Angeles along with his girlfriend Samantha Fay (Sile Bermingham) in order to pick up the cash from Brice. Meanwhile, Ray is released from prison and contacted by London Charlie, who realizes that the only way he can escape his dilemma is to have Riley terminated. He knows Ray is out to avenge his time in prison and so pays him $100,000 to come to Los Angeles. Brice, aware of Ray's release and suspicious that he may be up to something, instructs an underling, Danny, (Andy Nyman) to keep an eye on him and find out what he can about his plans. Danny confronts Ray in a busy London street and brings the situation to a head when he makes a comment about Ray's former girlfriend Maggie, whom Ray has not seen since he went to prison. Ray angrily headbutts Danny, telling him to leave him alone. Danny reports this back to Brice, who still believes Ray is up to something. Ray is soon contacted by Jack Rawlings, Terry's father, who beckons him to come and visit. The two have a long talk about Terry and Ray tells Jack how sorry he is for Terry's death. Jack feigns compassion and tells Ray that he wants him to go after the guy who set them up, namely Riley, and gives him a contact in Los Angeles, Eddie, who can help him with the job. Ray is to pick up $100,000 at Jack's club from Big Frankie (Adam Fogerty) and then get on a plane to Los Angeles to hunt Riley down. Upon arrival, Ray immediately goes to London Charlie's house (which is revealed to be the one seen in the beginning of the film) to meet with him. Ray is told that there is $100,000 in a bag that he is to take to Riley and use to recover the tape. Once he has the tape, Ray is to kill Riley and bring the tape back to London Charlie. Ray leaves and begins to cover his tracks by checking into two separate motels. He then makes a call to Eddie to pick up a car for use in Los Angeles. That night he picks up the car and meets Eddie, who is waiting for him in the back seat. Eddie tells him there is a pistol in the glove box and that he doesn't want to get involved in any of the nasty business. Ray acknowledges the request and takes off into the night. The next day, Riley is waiting to meet with London Charlie. He is surprised by Ray, who shows up at his door carrying a bag of cash. Ray has hidden the pistol outside of the apartment and so is clean when he is frisked by Riley. The two have a heated discussion about what happened eight years ago and Riley makes light of Terry's death, much to Ray's chagrin. Ray gives the bag of cash to Riley, who angrily informs him that the amount is only half of what he and London Charlie had agreed to, and ordering him to get him the rest if he wants the tape. Ray exits the apartment, retrieves his pistol, then goes back inside and demands the tape from Riley at gunpoint. Riley refuses, and Ray shoots him once in the chest, then once in the back of the head, killing him. Ray searches the apartment for the tape, but only finds a key to a room at a nearby hotel. Ray returns to his first hotel to wash Riley's blood off of himself before he goes to check out the other hotel. Meanwhile, police are investigating the shooting death at Riley's apartment. Detective Allen (Bruno Kirby) arrives on the crime scene and discovers that there is a link to a nearby hotel—the same hotel Ray is also heading to. Detective Bartow (Mark Siciliani) and Officer Chris Anders (Aaron Gallagher) are dispatched to investigate. At the hotel they find Samantha Fay, who is startled by their appearance. When the officers inform her that there has been an incident and they need to take her to the station to answer some questions, she reluctantly agrees. Officer Anders escorts her out, leaving Detective Bartow to search the room. Ray arrives as they are leaving, running into Bartow as he attempts to enter the room. Ray attempts to keep his cool, especially when Bartow tells him he is a police officer. He questions Ray as to how he knew Riley, and Ray innocently says they recently met and that they had arranged to grab a drink. Bartow is suspicious and asks Ray if he would have any objections to coming down to the station for some questioning. Ray has no choice but to agree, and they leave together. At the station, Ray and Samantha are questioned for hours and hours by Detective Allen and Detective Drummond (Anthony LaPaglia). The situation is tense, and they both have a tough time keeping calm. Eventually they are both let go, but not before Samantha is told that Riley is dead. Both leave the station within a couple of hours of each other and head in different directions, Ray to pick up his things at the second motel, and Samantha to pick up the tape and a gun which Riley had left in a safety deposit box earlier that day. Samantha then heads to London Charlie's house to square things away with him and avenge Riley's death. She shoots London Charlie dead in his pool just as Ray arrives to say goodbye. Ray and Samantha have a Mexican stand-off. The now-useless tape is thrown into the pool, and Samantha slowly backs out of the house, leaving Ray to sort out the mess. As Ray sits to contemplate his next move, he doesn't notice Samantha sneaking back inside, who shoots Ray in the back. Samantha leaves and Ray is left in a pool of blood, but still alive. The scene from the film's opening replays as Ray picks up the phone to call Eddie and reaches Dillon, who comes to clean up his mess. Dillon finally gets Ray to a secure location, and Ray pays him off so that he can return to London, where he recuperates for several days in the care of Maggie. Ray thinks quickly about what he should do when he receives a phone call from Eddie, telling him that Jack Rawlings wants to see him on the rooftop of a car-park in Chinatown later that evening. After Eddie hangs up, he anonymously calls Brice and tells him about the meeting. Brice is confused, but eager to settle the score with Ray. He calls Danny to tell him that he should follow Ray to the meeting and kill him. While Danny circles the streets of London in an attempt to find Ray, he stumbles on Maggie and follows her back to her flat. Ray, meanwhile, is visiting with Cindy, whom he had rescued from the streets prior to his departure to Los Angeles and had given shelter to while she attempted to recover from her drug habit. Danny forces his way into Maggie's apartment and, after roughing her up, takes Ray's remaining money and returns to his place. When Ray returns, he grabs Maggie and they head over to Danny's flat. Ray breaks in and finds Nikki (Meredith Ostrom) clutching the bag of money and Danny jamming on drugs. Ray also hears a recording on Danny's answering machine of Brice telling Danny to kill him. Ray kills Danny, then takes the tapes from the answering machine and the bag of money. He and Maggie then leave to head to the rendezvous in Chinatown. Brice arrives at Danny's place a little later after Nikki has called the police, and finds Danny dead. Brice also notices that the tapes from the machine are missing and now has no choice but to show up on the car park rooftop for the inevitable showdown.
The Woman in Black 2: Angel of Death	American	horror	Tom Harper	Forty years after the events of the first film, during the London Blitz, Eve Parkins joins some of her schoolchildren and the school's headmistress, Jean Hogg, to evacuate them to the isolated market town of Crythin Gifford. On the train journey there, Eve meets dashing pilot Harry Burnstow, who is stationed at an airfield near Crythin Gifford. Upon arrival at the apparently nearly deserted town, Eve is confronted by a raving madman, Jacob, and flees. Although Eve and Jean do not approve of Eel Marsh House, the isolated manor house on an island in the marshes where they have been billeted, there is no alternative. That night, Eve has a nightmare of how she was forced to give up her baby when she was younger; when she awakens, she hears the noise of a rocking chair coming from the cellar. There she finds a message, scolding her for letting her child go, and sees a woman dressed in black. The next morning, one of the children, Edward, who has been mute since the death of his parents in the bombing, is bullied by two other children and sees the Woman in Black in the nursery. Eve feels that something is wrong when Edward starts constantly carrying around a rotting doll. That night, one of the boys who was bullying him is drawn out of the house by the Woman in Black; Eve finds his body on the beach, mangled by barbed wire. Eve later sees the Woman in the graveyard, where she finds the grave of Nathaniel Drablow. She chases the ghost to the beach and is overcome by visions of Nathaniel's death. At the house, she and Harry establish the story of the ghost through an old recording made by Alice Drablow before her death at the hands of the Woman in Black: it is her sister, Jennet Humfrye, the mother of the child she adopted, Nathaniel. Jennet is haunting them because of Nathaniel's premature death, and is punishing Eve in particular for giving up her baby. Eve journeys into the abandoned town to confront Jacob, who is blind and therefore unable to be killed by the ghost, as he cannot see her. However, he has been driven insane by the deaths of all the other children (whose ghosts surround him) and tries to kill Eve before she escapes. Back at the house, Jean finds one of the girls trying to strangle herself under the Woman's spell. During an air raid, the girl suffocates herself using a gas mask. After this death, Harry takes them to his airfield, which is revealed to be a decoy. Harry, the only man stationed there, has been disgraced following a crash in which he was the only survivor, and is no longer allowed to fly. Eve realises that the Woman has followed them. Edward flees and apparently dies by walking into a fire basket. Eve, however, realises that Edward is still alive and at Eel Marsh House. Realising that the Woman in Black wants her alone, she drives to the island, where she finds Edward walking out into the marsh to drown himself where Nathaniel died. She crawls after him, but they are dragged down into the mud by the ghost. At the last minute, Harry arrives and saves them, though he is dragged down to his death instead. Months later, Eve has adopted Edward, and they are living in London. Although they believe they are free from the ghost, once they leave their house, she appears again and smashes a picture of Harry and his crew.
Aadu Puli Aatam	Tamil	action	Sanjay Ram	Mandahiran is an orphan turned gangster living in Tirunelveli. He works for a local underworld boss named Sadayan, whose gang kills and loots for money. Along the way, Mandhiran meets a Brahmin girl named Gayathri and the two fall in love. Mandhiran successfully helps Gayathri's family with a property dispute and, thus, wins the favor of her father. A special police task force headed by Vellaithurai has been assigned to track the gang and bring it to justice. The movie revolves on Sadayan's gang trying to stay one step ahead of the police and avoid capture, and whether Mandhiran and Gayathri's relationship will eventually lead to marriage.
Eye of the Tiger	American	action	Richard C. Sarafian	After serving time in prison, Buck Matthews (Gary Busey), a Vietnam veteran, returns to his hometown to start his life over with his wife Christie (Denise Galik) and their five-year-old daughter Jennifer (Judith Barsi). However, he learns that the small town where he grew up is overrun by a large motorcycle gang which rides through the town in large numbers, harassing various citizens. On his first night back to his old job at a construction yard, Buck hears a woman screaming in the distance. He follows the screams to discover a large group of bikers attacking and attempting to rape a local nurse. Buck manages to chase the gang off using his truck, saving the nurse. The leader of the biker gang, Blade (William Smith), takes Buck's actions personally and begins to terrorize Buck and his family. The gang attacks the Matthews' home, beating Buck and killing his wife. This leaves Jennifer, his young daughter, in shock as she witnessed the entire event. The local sheriff (Seymour Cassel) refuses to help Buck, leaving Buck with no other option but to take justice into his own hands. Buck then calls in a favor from Jamie (Jorge Gil), a friend from prison. Jamie is a Miami-based Colombian drug kingpin whom Buck saved during a prison riot and who was also paroled with Buck in the opening scene. Buck receives a high tech truck, equipped with machine guns and mortars. Buck's friend, J.B. Deveraux (Yaphet Kotto), a local deputy who is also a Vietnam veteran, provides Buck with a history of the motorcycle gang. The sheriff is shown to be colluding with the motorcycle gang as Blade and his men give the sheriff bribes of cash to ignore their activities. Buck and J.B. begin to retaliate against the bikers through various means. Buck uses a wire to string out onto a road to decapitate at least two of the bikers. He lures another small group to their deaths by exploding his old truck when they attack it. He shoots other gang members whom they are seen committing crimes in and around the town. Eventually the bikers kidnap Buck's daughter Jennifer from the hospital, forcing Buck to go to their camp in the desert outside of town. With the help of J.B., flying a bomb-dropping crop duster airplane, Buck, successfully defeats the gang and rescues his daughter. The Sheriff tries to have Buck arrested, however the deputies later on had enough of his corruption and refuse to take orders from him. In an explosive climax, Buck has the local sheriff killed (it seems the sheriff framed Buck for a murder committed years earlier) by offering him as a target for the gang, and then has a one-on-one fistfight with Blade, which ends with the death of the villain when he accidentally ingests cocaine the gang is manufacturing. With their leader dead, the surviving motorcycle gang members ride away.
Choron Ka Chor	Bollywood	drama	Mohammed Hussain	Ashok (Dara Singh) plays a masked bandit often referred to Choran Ka Chor (Thief of Thieves) who attempts to mess with an international cartel of smugglers while also looking out for a poverty-stricken family who are about to be thrown out onto the street because they cannot pay the rent for their meager apartment.
Acı Aşk	Turkish	drama	A. Taner Elhan	Orhan, who works as a literature professor at a university in Eskisehir (a city in Central Anatolia), unexpectedly ends his relationship with Ayşe whom he was planning to marry, and comes to Istanbul where he meets Oya. After living possibly the happiest days of his life with Oya, who is a photographer, Orhan finds himself in the midst of a challenging love triangle as a result of the horrible things they encounter the first days of their marriage. Meanwhile, his new student Seda, pulls Orhan towards a point of no return. Tough days are ahead for Orhan whose life is turned upside down, torn between three women.
Backbench Student	Telugu	romance	Madhura Sreedhar Reddy	Karthik (Mahat Raghavendra) is a careless Engineering student, who is least bothered about his studies the result of which is 16 backlogs. He is in love with his classmate Priyanka (Archana Kavi), who splits from him and leaves for USA to pursue MS. The hell breaks loose when his parents (Sarath Babu and Pragathi) come to know about the backlogs. While he is in search of a job to support himself, he hooks up with Chitra (Piaa Bajpai). Meanwhile, Priyanka discontinues her studies and comes back from the US in search of Karthik. She learns that Kaarthik is in love with Chaitra and is disheartened and wonders what made Kaarthik fall for Chaitra. What happens next will form the rest of the story.
It's a Boy	British	comedy	Tim Whelan	On the eve of his society wedding, Dudley Leake and his best man James Skippett get drunk at his bachelor party. While in his cups Dudley confides to his friend about a brief fling he had with a woman just before the outbreak of the First World War in August 1914. The following morning they oversleep and are late for their wedding. While they are dressing themselves Joe Piper, a young man with a strong Northern accent, appears at the flat and claims to be Dudley's illegitimate son from his pre-war tryst. The two men reject his claim, and leave him in the care of Allister the butler and hurry off to the wedding only to discover they have arrived too late. The ceremony has been postponed as the bride's family have gone. They hurry round to the Bogle household to try and justify their behaviour to Mary Bogle and her stern father. Rather than explain about being drunk, they claim they were called to an urgent business meeting and spend the rest of the day trying to produce a famous author John Tempest who they claim will provide them with an alibi about their late arrival. Allister the butler, meanwhile, has been unable to prevent Joe Piper discovering about the wedding and he also heads to the Bogle household and begins demanding large sums of money from Dudley in exchange for keeping quiet about their relationship. Skippett then persuade Joe Piper to pretend to be Tempest unaware that in real life she is actually a woman, and one of the bride's guests at the wedding. They slowly dig themselves deeper and deeper into a hole, and the Bogles prepare to leave for a holiday in the South of France. Eventually, after both Piper and Skippett have dressed up as women and pretended to be Tempest, the Bogles agree that Dudley can marry her daughter only for Piper to reveal to them that he was Dudley's love child when he is not paid the blackmail money he demands. The wedding is saved, however, when a police inspector arrives and reveals that Piper's real father is not Dudley but rather Mr Bogle who had also had a fling with his mother in 1914.
Hour of the Gun	American	western	John Sturges	Outnumbered but determined, Wyatt Earp (James Garner), his brothers Virgil (Frank Converse) and Morgan (Sam Melville) and ally Doc Holliday (Jason Robards) confront and clearly get the best of the Ike Clanton gang in a violent shootout at the O.K. Corral in the Arizona town of Tombstone. Ike (Robert Ryan), a rustler, conspires to have the Earps charged with murder and tried in a court of law. When they are cleared, Virgil runs for Tombstone City Sheriff, but is ambushed and maimed by some of Clanton's hired guns. Morgan elects to take the job in his brother's place, but, unlike his brother, he is killed. While seeing his family off to California for their safety, Earp kills Frank Stillwell, foiling an attempted ambush orchestrated by Clanton. An appointment as a federal marshal then gives him the authority to pursue the others involved in the attacks on his brothers. Doc Holliday, a gambler who has been on the wrong side of the law himself more than once, assembles a posse to support the pursuit. The men locate Pete Spence, Curly Bill Brocius and Andy Warshaw. However, in each case, Earp manipulates the circumstances to get his target to draw a weapon rather than simply surrendering, thus enabling Earp to legally kill them rather than merely arresting them. Holliday calls Earp out on his tactics but his strength gives out due to his tuberculosis and Earp transports him to a sanitarium in Colorado. With Clanton weakened, wealthy interests in Tombstone step forward to end the dispute, buying off the men supporting Clanton, which leads him to hide out in Mexico. They then offer to make Earp the top law enforcement official in the territory. Earp declines to give his answer to the offer immediately but tells Holliday that he's going back to Tombstone to accept the job. Holliday doesn't believe him and knows Earp is really going to Mexico to track down Clanton. Holliday again joins Earp on the mission, which ends with a final showdown in which Earp shoots Clanton dead. Earp returns with Holliday to Colorado and says goodbye to his unlikely friend, telling him this time he really is returning to Tombstone. As he leaves, though, Earp admits that he's leaving the Southwest altogether, intending never to be involved in law enforcement again.
The Walking Deceased	American	comedy	Scott Dow	A zombie outbreak is caused by a sushi chef not washing his hands before preparing a meal, gloveless, for homeless dumpster-divers. Twenty-nine days later, some zombies have taken up residence in a hospital; one named Romeo realizes his kind are slowly regaining humanity. He evades survivors Green Bay and Chicago (who is looking for porn); they meet idiotic Sheriff Lincoln (Dave Sheridan), who has woken from a coma; his son Chris accidentally hit a baseball at his head, and as a result, he mis-remembers Chris's name as Carl. After learning only LinkedIn remains on computers, Lincoln decides to search for his family; Green Bay and Chicago wish him luck, explaining their group resides in the mall. Lincoln mistakes a child and her father for clever zombies, killing them and taking their van. Romeo notices an attractive girl named Brooklyn with Green Bay and Chicago, falling for her. Green Bay likes Brooklyn as well, but is too stupid to realize that she hates him. Elsewhere, Super Survivor is taking out zombies. Lincoln investigates his home, finding a note from his son; they've taken shelter at his wife's workplace, a strip club. He finds Chris continued running the establishment for survivors (but is now foul mouthed). Due to the stupid patrons, a zombie infects Lincoln's wife Barbie, whom Chris kills. They head to the mall, meeting the other survivors: Harlem (Brooklyn's sister, whose thoughts appear as texts) and Darnell (who thinks his toy crossbow is real, and talks about rumors). Romeo arrives as well, along with zombies that followed him; he saves Brooklyn, who finds him attractive. Convincing everyone Romeo is not a threat, the group begins reorganizing. Ignoring voting, Lincoln and Chicago order the group to pack up to head to the farm, a haven free of zombies. They find the Safe Haven farm, owned by the elderly Reganites, whom the group thinks is hiding their daughter Isaac because she's a zombie. The group later meets Isaac, finding her uninfected; because her parents don't have any way to keep track of the outside world, they don't know about the infection. She keeps it secret, thinking her parents would have heartattacks. Isaac, Green Bay, Brooklyn, Chicago and Romeo get high on marijuana the next day, setting off fireworks that attract zombies. After Chris kills a zombie, Lincoln explains to the couple about the outbreak; however, this goes over their heads as they pay more attention to the drug use than the zombies, who they think are stoners. Harlem snaps at Darnell and Green Bay, revealing she is deaf and can read lips. Green Bay and Isaac take out zombies that make to the house, using weapons and mind-blowing questions. Out in the field, Darnell accidentally kills the Super Survivor with a gun, who followed the fireworks. Crushed with grief, Darnell ends up pinned by a zombie; Harlem shoots him in the head, sick of his idiocy. Brooklyn has Romeo bite her so they can be together, only to learn minutes later that a cure has been put in the water supply; she and Romeo spray water into their bite marks, curing them. Romeo admits that he finds Brooklyn attractive but bitchy. Using super soakers and the garden hose, the group spray the zombies with the cure; however, Lincoln still shoots live rounds at them until Chicago stops him. Later, the survivors and the cured have a party, where Chris finally kisses a happy Harlem; Chris also reverts to being kind. Romeo and Brooklyn make out, while Chicago has sex with a cured woman. Green Bay and Isaac head to her room for sex, only to hear the radio announce a meteor the size of Texas is heading to Earth.
Clean, Shaven	American	drama	Lodge Kerrigan	The film begins with abstract images and sounds in the director's interpretation of schizophrenia. Peter Winter has recently been released from a mental institution and upon his release, must try to experience and understand a world that is all but foreign to him. Beginning the search for his daughter Nicole (Jennifer MacDonald), Peter's car is hit by a soccer ball. A young girl looks from beyond his windshield at him, and he gets out of the car. No actual images of the girl are shown after Peter exits his car, but the screams of a young girl are heard as if Peter is beating her. He carries a large orange bag into his trunk, and the audience is meant to presume that Peter killed this little girl. Winter returns home, where sounds invade his very being, and he is never completely at rest. He believes that there is a transmitter beneath the skin on his head and he proceeds to remove it. Peter is also disturbed by mirrors, and typically covers up any mirrors that he can access. The car that Peter drives becomes encased in newspaper, and he isolates himself from the outside world. Peter comes back home to find his mother Mrs. Winter (Megan Owen) still very disturbed about Peter's schizophrenia. She still treats Peter as a child, and does not want him to find his daughter. Peter, through his travels, becomes wrapped up in the investigation of the murder of another young girl. Jack McNally (Robert Albert), the detective on the case, is stymied because there is almost no evidence at the scene of the crime. Peter becomes a suspect in the case, but nothing found at the crime scene or in Peter's hotel room can link him to the murder. That does not stop the detective from following Peter after he kidnaps his daughter from her adoptive mother. Just as Peter begins to reconcile himself with his daughter, McNally shows up, desperate to take Peter in as the murderer. Peter foolishly takes out a gun and aims it at the police officer to try to protect his daughter from McNally. McNally, believing that what he is seeing is the dead body of Peter's daughter, opens fire on Peter, killing him. He finds the girl to be safe and fires Peter's gun in the air, so that he would not be charged for shooting a man unnecessarily. He then opens the orange bag and finds nothing but newspaper inside.
Castle of Evil	American	horror	Francis D. Lyon	The relatives of a recently deceased man named Kovac gather at is creepy mansion for the reading of the will. Before the will can be read, however, the relatives began to be murdered one by one.
Seven Keys	British	crime	Pat Jackson	Alan Dobie plays a convict who is bequeathed a set of seven keys by a fellow prisoner. After discovering that the deceased was an embezzler who stole £20,000 that was never recovered; he sets out to find the cash after finishing the last three months of his sentence. However he must first solve the mystery of which locks the keys fit, and run the gauntlet of the police and a number of gangsters who are after him and the money.[3]
Night Passage	American	western	James Neilson	On the way to meet his former boss, railroad tycoon Ben Kimball (Jay C. Flippen), Grant McLaine (Stewart) rescues a young boy, Joey Adams (Brandon deWilde), from Concho (Robert J. Wilke). Ben informs Grant that his payroll has been robbed three times already by a gang led by Whitey Harbin (Dan Duryea) and the Utica Kid (Murphy). If Ben's workers don't get paid soon, they will all leave the end-of-track work camp. Grant accepts the undercover job of carrying $10,000 to the crew by train. When the train is held up again, Grant hides the money in a shoebox carried by Joey. The ploy works, but the young boy turns out to be friends with the Utica Kid, who takes him along with him. When the robbers cannot find the money, Whitey takes Ben's wife Verna (Elaine Stewart) to hold for ransom. Concho, a gang member, pistol-whips Grant, tumbling him down the steep embankment unconscious. The train leaves without him. When Grant wakes up, he trails the gang to an abandoned mining camp. He boldly asks to join up, revealing that he is the Kid's older brother [interestingly, the Kid's given name is Lee]. Utica is suspicious of his heretofore honest sibling, so Whitey (who dislikes the Kid) accepts him. Concho tries to shoot Grant unexpectedly, but Grant is faster to the draw. Afterwards, he tells the Kid where the money is, in an attempt to reform his brother. It doesn't work. The Kid gives Grant ten minutes to leave before he tells the gang, but Grant calls his bluff. Then, railroad employee Will Renner (Herbert Anderson) shows up to collect his share of the loot. He had been Whitey's informant. He recognizes Grant (by the song he sings and plays on his accordion) as the man assigned to deliver the payroll. A gunfight ensues, in and out of the barroom. Grant, Verna and Charlotte Charlie Drew (Dianne Foster), the Kid's girlfriend, take refuge behind the bar temporarily. Grant sends Verna to safety down the mountain in an ore tram. Charlie refuses to leave. Meanwhile, the Kid is planning to quietly leave with Joey and the money. However, Joey rushes to Grant's side, and the Kid reluctantly joins forces with his brother. They kill all the gang members except Whitey. When Whitey crawls up close and shoots at Grant, the Kid steps in, taking the bullet. Grant then kills Whitey. Grant buries his brother before they ride to the camp. With Grant's urging, Joey gets to work on his promised job, hauling water. Grant decides that his old job of railroad troubleshooter is a better fit than the offered position of being next in charge. The final scene is of the locomotive moving down the valley along the river into the foreground, with the theme song Follow the River softly playing.
Wild Heritage	American	western	Charles Haas	The film tells the story of Emma Breslin (O'Sullivan) and her family, who cross the plains in a covered wagon. They make the fateful decision to pause in a lawless western town where Emma's husband, Jake (Paul Birch), is shot by rustlers Arn (John Beradino) and Jud. But folksy Judge Copeland (Rogers) persuades them to go on. At Break Wagon Hill, their wagon does just that and they decide to homestead on the spot. The movie follows the trials and joys of Emma and her family, as well as those of their neighbors, the Bascombs (Donahue and Jeanette Nolan). Finally, violence reappears when Arn and Jud show up on their homestead, leading to a showdown with the Breslin Boys (McKuen, Gary Gray and George Winslow).
Pedababu	Telugu	action	Paruchuri Murali	Peda Babu (Jagapati Babu) is the village head. He stays alone and away from his mother (Suhasini) who is staying in the same village along with Peda Babu's father and siblings. The entire village respects Pedababu as village head. But why is Pedababu staying away from his mother. He has not spoken a word to her for the past 25 years. What is the reason? That exact flashback has the major interest part of the story.
Red Hot Riding Hood	American	animation	Tex Avery	The story begins with the standard version of Little Red Riding Hood (with the wolf from Dumb-Hounded, the cartoon which saw the debut of Avery's Droopy). The characters rebel at this stale and derivative staging of the story and demand a fresh approach. The annoyed narrator accedes to their demands and starts the story again in a dramatically different arrangement. The story begins again, now told in a contemporary urban setting. The narrator explains that Little Red Riding Hood (now portrayed as an adult) is an attractive performer in a Hollywood nightclub under the stage name Red Hot Riding Hood, and the Big Bad Wolf, now a Hollywood swinger, follows Red to the club where she is performing. Red performs onstage (a rendition of the 1941 classic hit song Daddy by Bobby Troup) and the wolf goes mad with desire. He brings her to his table and tries wooing her, but she wants nothing to do with him. Red escapes the Wolf, saying she is going to her Grandma's place, but nevertheless the Wolf manages to get there first. Grandma's place is a penthouse at the top of a skyscraper. Red's grandma is an oversexed man-chaser who falls head over heels for the Wolf (upon seeing him, she whistles and says, At last, a wolf! Yahoo!). The Wolf tries to escape, but Grandma blocks the exit and asks him, What's your hurry, hairy? She locks the door, drops the key down the front of her evening gown, and poses provocatively for him. She dons a bright red shade of lipstick and a chase scene ensues. Whenever the Wolf attempts an exit, Grandma waits behind the door with puckered lips. He finally makes his escape by jumping out a window, severely injuring himself on the pavement many floors below. He makes his way back to the nightclub, covered with bandages and bruises, swearing, I'm through with women. Why, I'll kill myself before I'd even look at another babe. Immediately Red takes the stage and begins another performance. The Wolf pulls out two guns and commits suicide, but his ghost rises from his dead body and howls and whistles at Red as he did earlier.
My Father and I	Chinese	drama	Xu Jinglei	Xiao Yu, a Beijing teenager, is abruptly left without a mother following a traffic accident. Her father, Lao Yu, with whom she has had little contact, becomes her legal guardian. He is unsure how to act in this role, but as time progresses their relationship matures into an affectionate one. Lao Yu is not the most dependable of men, however. He gambles, engages in small-time black market business transactions, and spends a great deal of time at a bar associating with other men who live similar lives. This culminates finally in his arrest, and he spends some time in prison. In his absence, Xiao Yu graduates from high school and begins her university studies, and begins living with her boyfriend, a hot-tempered student from Hunan. When her father is released, he finds his relationship with his daughter strained, due in no small part to her frustrations over his absence and lack of dependability, along with his fatherly concerns about her living arrangement. She and her boyfriend leave Beijing for Shanghai, where she becomes pregnant. When her relationship with her boyfriend does not work out, she returns to Beijing to live with her father, who sees her through her pregnancy and helps her raise her child. He has not entirely mended his ways, however, and frequently sneaks out at night to gamble. On one such occasion his friends decide to play a prank, and barge in on the game pretending to be the police—the stress of the experience causes Lao Yu to suffer a stroke, rendering him incapable of caring for himself. Xiao Yu nurses him at home while caring for the baby, hoping that he will recover, but he never does.
The Shining	American	horror	Stanley Kubrick	Jack Torrance arrives at the mountain-isolated Overlook Hotel, which is twenty-five miles from the closest town, to be interviewed for the position of winter caretaker. Once hired, Jack plans to use the hotel's solitude to write. The hotel, built on the site of a Native American burial ground, becomes snowed-in during the winter; it is closed from October to May. Manager Stuart Ullman warns Jack that a previous caretaker, Charles Grady, developed cabin fever and killed his family and himself. In Boulder, Jack's son, Danny Torrance, has a terrifying premonition about the hotel, viewing a cascade of blood emerging from an elevator door, and then falls into a trance. Jack's wife, Wendy, tells a doctor that Danny has an imaginary friend named Tony, and that Jack has given up drinking because he dislocated Danny's shoulder following a binge. The family arrives at the hotel on closing day and is given a tour. The chef, Dick Hallorann, surprises Danny by telepathically offering him ice cream. Dick explains to Danny that he and his grandmother shared this telepathic ability, which he calls shining. Danny asks if there is anything to be afraid of in the hotel, particularly room 237. Hallorann tells Danny that the hotel has a shine to it along with many memories, not all of which are good. He also tells Danny to stay away from room 237. A month passes; while Jack's writing goes nowhere, Danny and Wendy explore the hotel's hedge maze, and Hallorann goes to Florida. Wendy learns that the phone lines are out due to the heavy snowfall, and Danny has frightening visions. Jack, increasingly frustrated, starts behaving strangely and becomes prone to violent outbursts. Danny's curiosity about room 237 overcomes him when he sees the room's door open. Later, Wendy finds Jack screaming during a nightmare while asleep at his typewriter. After she awakens him, Jack says he dreamed that he killed her and Danny. Danny arrives and is visibly traumatized with a bruise on his neck, causing Wendy to accuse Jack of abusing him. Jack wanders into the hotel's Gold Room and meets a ghostly bartender named Lloyd. Lloyd serves him bourbon whiskey while Jack complains about his marriage. Wendy later tells Jack that Danny told her a crazy woman in one of the rooms attempted to strangle him. Jack investigates room 237, encountering the ghost of a dead woman, but tells Wendy that he saw nothing. Wendy and Jack argue over whether Danny should be removed from the hotel and a furious Jack returns to the Gold Room, now filled with ghosts attending a ball. He meets the ghost of Grady who tells Jack that he must correct his wife and child and that Danny has reached out to Hallorann using his talent. Meanwhile, Hallorann grows concerned about what's going on at the hotel and flies back to Colorado. Danny starts calling out redrum and goes into a trance, referring to himself as Tony. While searching for Jack, Wendy discovers he has been typing pages of a repetitive manuscript: all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. She begs Jack to leave the hotel with Danny, but he threatens her before she knocks him unconscious with a baseball bat. She drags him into the kitchen and locks him in the pantry, but she and Danny are both trapped at the hotel: Jack has disabled the hotel's two-way radio and snowcat. Later, Jack converses through the pantry door with Grady, who unlocks the door. Danny writes REDRUM on the outside of the bathroom door in the family's living quarters. When Wendy sees the word reversed in the bedroom mirror, the word is revealed to be MURDER. Jack begins hacking through the quarters' main door with a firefighter's axe. Wendy sends Danny through the bathroom window, but it will not open sufficiently for her to pass. Jack breaks through the bathroom door, shouting Here's Johnny!, but retreats after Wendy slashes his hand with a butcher's knife. Hearing Hallorann arriving in a snowcat he borrowed, Jack leaves the room. He murders Hallorann with the axe in the lobby and pursues Danny into the hedge maze. Wendy runs through the hotel looking for Danny, encountering ghosts and the cascade of blood Danny envisioned in Boulder. She also finds Hallorann's corpse in the lobby. Danny lays a false trail to mislead Jack, who is following his footprints, before hiding behind a drift. Danny escapes from the maze and reunites with Wendy; they escape in Hallorann's snowcat, while Jack freezes to death in the snow. In an old photograph in the hotel hallway dated July 4, 1921, Jack Torrance smiles front and center amid a crowd of party revelers at the Overlook.
Athanokkade	Telugu	action	Surender Reddy	The opening scene shows Anjali (Sindhu Tolani) sitting on a bench feeding a white pigeon by a calm ocean, and a retd. DGP police officer Shankar (Ahuti Prasad) coming and sitting by her side and exchanging pleasantries, and suddenly she whips out a knife and kills him with the help of her maternal uncle Ramachandran (Surya), saying that she has been waiting for this moment for many years. After that, the scene shifts to Ram (Nandamuri Kalyan Ram) who lives with his loving parents (Chandra Mohan and Rajya Lakshmi) and sister in New Delhi. He takes up a course in a Hyderabad college against his parents' wishes. Unable to be separated from Ram, his parents and their daughter come to Hyderabad along with him. It is revealed that Anjali is studying in the same college as Ram, and she has her own agenda to seek revenge on her family's killers, assisted by Ramachandran. Now the villain Anna (Ashish Vidyarthi), a local gangster enters and is shown to have a dispute with another person Pattabhai (Rami Reddy). To exact their revenge Anjali's uncle attempts to kill one of Anna's aide Abdullah (Raghu Babu) but fails to do so since Ram kills him. Naturally Anna assumes that the killer can be none other than Pattabhi and so kills him. However Ram arrives on the scene and with help from Gulab Singh (Venu Madhav), threatens Anna telling that he was the one who killed Abdullah and that he will also kill Sada (G. V. Sudhakar Naidu), Anna's second main aide. As typical, Sada gets angry, and goes to kill Ram but fails, and Ram kills Abdullah while his parents are watching with horror. On being questioned, Ram tells his story. Ram's biological father (Prakash Raj) was an honest cop who arrested one of the henchmen of Anna. It is revealed that Anjali and Ram are from the same family, as Anjali's father is Ram's father's brother-in-law. Anna pays Ram's house a visit and asks his grandfather (Chalapati Rao) to let his henchmen go. When Ram's grandfather refuses, Anna threatens them only to find knives held at him by Ram and his cousins. Ram's father arrives and arrests Anna. Infuriated, he pays them a visit with some of his henchmen and Shankar, the then DCP. Together, they murder their whole extended family. Only Anjali, her uncle Ramachandran and Ram survived the blast that annihilated their family. After the house is blown up by Anna, Ram escapes and is taken in by his foster (Chandra Mohan & Rajya Lakshmi) parents. Meanwhile, Anjali feels that one of her family members is still alive, as someone keeps a flower on the Buddha statue of their former house, which is now the city library. It turns out to be none other than Ram. On finding out his past, Ram's foster parents request him to come back, but he refuses. He then takes them to the railway station, but is nearly ambushed. He succeeds on defeating them and meets Anna, warning him to bring his brother Ajay from Dubai. Soon, he arrives and kills Ramachandran in revenge before challenging Ram to meet him at his brother's place. Ram comes, and after finding out that Anna had Anjali kidnapped, escapes after killing Ajay. In a thrilling climax, Ram kills Anna, and is shown to be leaving with Anjali, the only one left in his family.
Jupiter Ascending	American	sci-fi	The Wachowskis	Earth and countless other planets were established by families of transhuman and alien royalty for the purpose of later harvesting the resulting organisms to produce a type of youth serum for the elites on other planets. After the death of the matriarch of the House of Abrasax, the most powerful of the alien dynasties, her children, Balem, Kalique, and Titus, quarrel over the inheritance, with Balem inheriting an enormous refinery on Jupiter and Titus spending his inheritance on a lavish spaceship, declaring his intention to dismantle the youth serum trade, of which Earth is the next intended source. Jupiter Jones cleans the homes of wealthy neighbors. To buy a telescope, Jupiter agrees to sell her egg cells with the help of her cousin Vladie, under the name of her friend Katharine Dunlevy. At Katharine's house, Jupiter and Katharine are attacked by extraterrestrial 'Keepers'; and when Jupiter photographs these, they erase both of their memories of the incident. Jupiter stumbles upon the strange photograph on her phone while waiting at an egg donation clinic, but cannot recall anything about it. During the procedure, the doctors and nurses are revealed to be Keepers sent to kill her, and she is saved by Caine Wise, a former soldier sent by Titus to bring her to him. While Caine and Jupiter ascend to a ship, it is destroyed by a squad of Keepers who then attack them. Caine fends off the attack and manages to kill the Keepers and hijack one of their vehicles while protecting Jupiter. Afterwards, Caine realizes that Jupiter must be of great significance to both Titus and Balem, who is revealed to have sent the Keepers to Earth to capture her. He takes Jupiter to the hideout of Stinger Apini, another former soldier living in exile on Earth. As Jupiter discovers that she can control the bees in Stinger's residence, she is revealed to be galactic royalty. Stinger agrees to help Jupiter, but a group of hunters who initially were hired by Balem but bribed by Kalique capture her and take her to Kalique's palace on a distant planet, where Kalique explains that Jupiter is genetically identical to the dead matriarch, and therefore the Earth's rightful owner. Supported by Captain Diomika Tsing of the Aegis (an intergalactic police force), Caine retrieves her from Kalique, and takes her to the planet Ores (the intergalactic capital planet) to claim her inheritance. In another attempt to lure Jupiter to him, Balem sends Greeghan to kidnap Jupiter's family. On the way back to Earth, Titus's henchmen capture Jupiter and detain Caine, as punishment for not bringing Jupiter to him as promised. Titus reveals to Caine his plan to marry and kill Jupiter and claim Earth. He then throws Caine into the void of space; but Caine survives and returns with Stinger to save Jupiter at the altar before she completes the marriage contract. Jupiter asks to return home, but learns that her family has been taken hostage by Balem. In his refinery in the Great Red Spot, Balem demands Earth in exchange for Jupiter's family. Realizing that Balem can harvest Earth only with her permission, Jupiter refuses. Caine infiltrates the refinery and damages its gravity hull, causing the refinery to begin collapsing. While the occupants evacuate the refinery, Tsing's ship moves in and rescues Jupiter's family. Jupiter survives the collapsing structures, only to land at the feet of Balem who tries to kill her; but she fights him off, and is rescued by Caine while Balem falls to his death. As the refinery is in its final stages of collapse, Tsing opens a portal to Earth and prepares to evacuate, potentially leaving Caine and Jupiter behind. However, she is relieved to find that they have survived and crossed the portal along with Tsing's ship. Jupiter's family is returned home with no memory of their disappearance, while Jupiter secretly retains ownership of the Earth. Caine's rank in the Legion is restored, and he and Jupiter begin a relationship.
Badle Ki Aag	Bollywood	action	Raj Kumar Kohli	The story begins one Diwali night, the lamps of joy were burning in all homes. But in one home there were no lamps of joy; only the splattering of blood as the deceitful Raja Saheb of that place, greedy to swallow up all the property and wealth of his partner, went on a rampage of mass murder and wiped out the entire family and from this splattering of blood was born the Badle Ki Aag, the burning desire of revenge. Revolted by the cruelty of her husband and unable to live even a single moment under the same roof with this mass-murderer, Raja Saheb's wife Durga collected her little children and fled into the darkness, far from the sinful and blood-stained world of her husband and fate played a game with her. Fate separated her from her children. Circumstances forced two brothers into the world of crime; it made dacoits out of Shera (Dharmendra) and Lakhan (Sunil Dutt). Both were brothers, children of Durga separated in childhood, both with the same blood in their veins, but unaware of each other's identities. Shera was ruthless, he grabbed everything he coveted, as though everything belonged to him, by right. Lakhan, on the other hand, was the champion of the poor. He too grabbed, but in order to provide for the poor and the helpless. Geeta (Reena Roy) had survived the mass-murder. She too grew up nursing the burning desire for revenge in her heart. In time, she met and fell in love with the Inspector of Police Amar (Jeetendra) son of one the murderers. The burning desire to take revenge against the Raja Sahab and his associate for wiping out her entire family was the main force in her life, that, and her longing to find her long-lost brother Suraj, (Rajiv Anand) who loved Asha (Sarika), the sister of the two dacoits, Shera, and Lakhan. Shera was crazy after Geeta and Bijli (Smita Patil), a fiery young woman of his own band of dacoits, was crazy after Shera. Fate flung Geeta into the arms of Lakhan and inspector Amar, who loved Geeta was not far away.
Material Girls	American	comedy	Martha Coolidge	Tanzania Tanzie (Hilary Duff) and Ava (Haylie Duff) are two rich, spoiled Hollywood socialite sisters who enjoy material things such as shopping and dating, rather than caring about the family cosmetics company which was founded by their late father, Victor Manchetta (Philip Casnoff). Marchetta Cosmetics is run by co-founder and family friend Tommy Katzenbach (Brent Spiner). Tanzie plans to go to college in the future and Ava is planning to announce her engagement with fiancè Mic (Brandon Beemer). When a major media scandal involving the Marchette night cream causing disfigurement breaks, the girls and their father's reputation is destroyed, and Ava & Tanzie retreat to their mansion. Ava lights a cigarette and when an argument breaks out between the sisters, an accidental fire starts. Ava saves her father's watch & her engagement party dress while Tanzie saves their TiVo box which had recordings of her father talking about his cosmetics. They leave for a hotel but soon learn all their credit cards have been shut down, leaving the girls completely broke. They go and stay with their maid and close family friend Inez (María Conchita Alonso) in her small apartment. Their car gets stolen by two guys (Joel Madden and Benji Madden) whom they naively mistook for valets. The next morning, Ava and Tanzie take a bus to Ava's engagement party. They are refused entry & when their friend Etienne ignores them, the girls realize that their friends only liked them for their money. Ava's fiancé Mic gets his agent Sol (Larry Poindexter) to dump her, saying that she is now a 'liability.' Tommy plans to persuade the board of directors to sell Marchetta Cosmetics to their archrival Fabiella (Anjelica Huston). The girls are resigned to the fact that their company will be sold to Fabiella and are given 30 days until the stockholders meeting, when the deal will be made official. After Tanzie's love interest and the company's lab technician Rick (Marcus Coloma) helps them evade the press outside, Ava and Tanzie decide to become 'private investigators' and approach free legal clinic lawyer Henry (Lukas Haas) for help. He agrees, after initially refusing to help them as they are not 'underprivileged.' Determined to restore their father's reputation and the company he left as his legacy, the sisters are determined to expose the truth. Tanzie then rewatches a news broadcast on her TiVo and recognises a woman who accused Marchetta of leaving her disfigured, was also featured on an eczema documentary on KLAE. Tanzie goes to the KLAE offices dressed provocatively and flirts with the receptionist, who allows her access to the file room. She manages to get the address of the woman, before being arrested for fraud and trespassing. Ava has to pawn her dad's Rolex (her most treasured possession) to pay Tanzie's bail money after Henry helps her realise that family is more important than material things. The woman, Margo Thorness claims that Marchetta paid for her cosmetic surgery for the damage caused by Marchette Everdew night cream, but Ava & Tanzie learn from her neighbour that she has lied as she was born with a skin disease. The girls meet with the board of directors and successfully manage to clear the Marchetta name, by revealing that Tommy (their Fathers best friend and trustee of the company) was behind the scandal, as he had helped fabricate testimonials, and used money taken from the sisters personal bank accounts. Tommy is promptly fired by Ava. Six months later, the girls are seen running the company, with Ava as the new CEO and Tanzie studying while working as a chemist. Ava is now in a relationship with Henry, and Tanzie is now in a relationship with Rick.
Criminal Court	American	crime	Robert Wise	Hotshot lawyer Steve Barnes is a candidate to be district attorney. His girlfriend Georgia Gale has a job singing for nightclub owner Vic Wright, a gangster who works for the mob boss, Marquette. Steve has film footage of Vic and brother Frankie committing crimes. He rejects a $50,000 bribe made in the form of a campaign donation. Joan, his secretary, spies on Steve for the gangster. She witnesses a struggle for a gun and sees Vic accidentally shot dead. Georgia is seen leaving the scene and is charged with murder. Marquette will have his stooge Joe West give false testimony to convict her unless Steve plays ball. Steve realizes just in time that Joan is involved and calls her to the stand. West tries to shoot her, but is overcome. Joan tells what really happened and Georgia goes free.
Marine 3: Homefront, TheThe Marine 3: Homefront	American	action	Scott Wiper	Jake Carter (The Miz), a member of the United States Marine Corps Force Recon and MARSOC Marine, returns home to Bridgeton, a rural town located near Seattle, Washington. As he steps off the bus, he reunites with his best friend Harkin (Jared Keeso), a police chief. When he returns home, he greets his sisters Lilly (Ashley Bell) and Amanda (Camille Sullivan), and they throw a party for his homecoming. Meanwhile, in Seattle, a regional bank is robbed by a syndicate believed to be extremists; their leader, Jonas Pope (Neal McDonough), forces the bank manager to give them what they demand. They take half the money and burn the rest in front of him. It is revealed that the syndicate dwells in a junkyard on the outskirts of town, their leader planning an explosion in the city because of revenge from his past life. Meanwhile, Jake talks to Amanda about her running the house, but they get interrupted by Lilly, who was about to leave with her boyfriend, Darren, in a bar. Jake, who dislikes Darren, follows them and later ends up in a fight with a redneck. Lilly sees the scene and leaves with Darren; Harkin, who also witnesses the fight, calls the police and gives Jake a warning ticket. Harkin warns him that if he gets into a fight again he'll be arrested. Moments later, Amanda arrives to pick him up and admits to Jake that she is in a relationship with Harkin. The next day, Lilly and Darren stop by the same junkyard in which the syndicate dwells, and the two later witness a commotion among Jonas Pope and a smuggler. Pope becomes furious and shoots the smuggler; he then orders his henchmen to seize the witnesses when he hears Lilly yell for help. Amanda, after hearing Lilly struggling over the phone, contacts Jake about Lilly's abduction, and Jake drives off to the junkyard, where he sneaks up on a henchman who dumps off the body of the smuggler. Jake is able to hold him at gun point where the henchman reveals that the abductees where brought into an old ferry near the junkyard, and when another henchman arrives, Jake physically overpowers them after they attempt to kill him. Jake then attacks another supposed henchman, who is revealed to be an FBI Agent before Special Agent Wells (Steve Bacic) comes to his aid. Jake is brought to the FBI and informs them that the syndicate does more than kidnapping but bombing the city with RDX (Research Department Explosive), a very capable explosive. Jake is restricted by Wells when he plans to rescue the teens by himself; instead, Wells orders the SWAT team to storm the junkyard. Meanwhile, Lilly and Darren, struggling to escape, get help from a henchman who is actually an FBI Agent in disguise; he leads them to a room and tells them to lock it until he returns. The SWAT team storms the base, but they are overpowered by the syndicate. Jake attempts to fight Wells, but Harkin stops him. Harkin drops him off the junkyard and allows him to fight the syndicate. Jake finishes them off one-by-one, but he gets a bone to pick with a man named Gabriel (Aleks Paunovic), whom he defeats. Meanwhile, the FBI agent in disguise was caught calling Wells and got killed. Lilly and Darren got separated as they are trying to escape and Lilly was held captive again. Wells receives a call from Pope telling him that he should send an unarmed cop in a sedan to escort them to downtown; if it does not arrive in 20 minutes, Lilly will die. When the sedan arrives, Eckert (Michael Eklund) kills the driver cop and wears his uniform. Jake then meets up with Darren; Darren, feeling guilty of Lilly's captivity, leads Jake to the spot where the sedan is. Jake attempts to rescue them, but he is stopped by Galen Jackson (Ben Cotton); the sedan then speeds away. Pope contacts Wells that he and Eckert should be left alone or he will kill Lilly. At the parking area, Jackson searches for Jake but was killed by Darren. After studying the map left by Pope, Jake, determined to save the city, grabs a dirt bike and speeds away with Darren on his tail. When Pope and Eckert reach the city, they were suddenly ambushed by the FBI. Pope activated the bomb inside the sedan instead. Eckert gets killed by an FBI agent while Pope takes Lilly hostage, but he was cornered by Harkin followed by Jake who successfully kills Pope. Lilly then tells them that the sedan is a bomb so Jake drives the RDX into an abandoned site near the river and manages to escape the untimely explosion. Harkin, Lilly, and Amanda rescue him, and the two sisters hug him. Lilly is amazed when Darren arrives, and they celebrate.
The White Unicorn	British	drama	Bernard Knowles	At a home for delinquent girls, a troublesome girl (Joan Greenwood), swaps reminiscences with the warden (Margaret Lockwood), who recounts her own unhappy marriage, divorce and tragic death of her second husband.[4]
Invisible Stripes	American	crime	Lloyd Bacon	Cliff Taylor (George Raft) is an ex-con who wants to go straight, but since being released from prison on parole, he finds it hard to find and hold a job due to his criminal past. Cliff's younger brother Tim (William Holden) is worried because he cannot afford to marry his girlfriend Peggy (Jane Bryan) and increasingly disillusioned about being able to make a position for himself in the world honestly. Afraid that Tim might end up leading a life of crime like himself, Cliff decides to help him find the money to settle down. He tells his family he has found a job as a salesman, but in reality he gets back to ex fellow convict Charles Martin (Humphrey Bogart) and they organize a number of robberies. With the money he gets from his criminal activities, Cliff is able to buy a garage for his brother, who is now able to get married. Cliff, in the meantime, decides to quit the gang. However, after a failed robbery, Martin and his pals hide in Tim's garage. The police find out, and Tim is taken to the police station. Cliff manages to exonerate his brother from the charges, but in exchange Tim has to identify the robbers and testify against them. Before the police can proceed to arrest Martin, Cliff meets him in his house and tells him to escape before being caught. However, Martin's pals, seeing their boss and Cliff together, understand that they are trying to escape and kill them.
Baggage Claim	American	comedy	David E. Talbert	Pathologically single, 30-something, flight attendant, Montana Moore (Paula Patton) is on a mission to get her overbearing, frequently married, mother (Jenifer Lewis) to stop pressuring her to get married. After being jilted by her only prospect (Boris Kodjoe) just as her younger sister, Sheree (Lauren London), becomes engaged, Montana and her friends (Adam Brody and Jill Scott) devise a plan to help her find a potential husband before Sheree's wedding. Over the course of 30 days, Montana flies all over the country (with the help of a colorful team of coworkers) hoping to reconnect with a litany of ex-boyfriends that include a misogynistic politician (Taye Diggs), an irresponsible entertainer (Trey Songz) and a commitment shy multi-billionaire (Djimon Hounsou). Though her quest to find a husband proves to be a disaster, Montana is oblivious to the developing romance with her longtime best friend (Derek Luke). However, on the night before the wedding, Sheree’s fiancé reveals that he doesn’t want to get married yet and that her mother was the one who pressured him to get married with Sheree right away. Once Montana realizes that she doesn't need a husband to live a fulfilling life, she finally stands up to her mother and gets her proposal from Mr. Wright.
Arjun Reddy	Telugu	romance	Sandeep Reddy Vanga	Arjun Reddy is a final-year student at St. Mary's Medical College in Mangalore, India. He is one of its house surgeons who, despite being a brilliant student, has severe anger management problems that earn the wrath of the dean of the college. Arjun's aggressive nature also earns him a reputation among his juniors as a college bully. After having a brawl alongside his friend Kamal against members of the opposing team during an inter-college football match, the dean asks Arjun to either apologise or leave the college. Arjun initially chooses the latter, but stays back after meeting first-year student Preethi Shetty. Arjun and his friend Shiva enter a first-year classroom and announce that Arjun is in love with Preethi and asserts that she is exclusive to him. Initially afraid, Preethi starts adjusting herself to Arjun's overbearing attitude. She eventually reciprocates his feelings and they develop an intimate relationship. Arjun graduates with a MBBS degree and leaves for Mussorie to pursue a Masters degree in Orthopedic surgery. Over the course of three years, Arjun's and Preethi's relationship becomes stronger. Months later, Arjun visits Preethi's house, where her father sees them kissing and throws Arjun out. Preethi's father opposes her and Arjun's relationship because they belong to different castes. Arjun demands that Preethi must make a decision within six hours otherwise he will end their relationship. Following this incident, Preethi's parents seize her telephone, making her unable to contact Arjun. By the time she manages to visit Arjun's house, he is drunk, injects morphine into himself and becomes comatose for two days. Preethi is then forcibly married to someone from her caste. Arjun learns about the marriage from Shiva and goes to her house in protest. He is assaulted and gets arrested for making a scene. Arjun's father ostracises him from the family home for damaging his reputation. With Shiva's help, Arjun finds a rented apartment and joins a private hospital as a surgeon. To cope with his emotions he starts taking drugs, attempts one-night stands and drinks alcohol; all of which are unsuccessful. Within months, he becomes a successful surgeon and a high-functioning alcoholic who is feared by the hospital's staff members. Arjun's self destructing behaviour and refusal to move on worries Shiva and Kamal. He persuades one of his patients Jia Sharma, a leading film star, to have a no-strings relationship with him, which he ends when she falls in love with him. On a day off, Arjun unwillingly agrees to perform a life-saving surgery and collapses with dehydration. The hospital staff examine his blood samples which show traces of alcohol and cocaine. The hospital chief files a case against Arjun, who accepts the truth on the grounds of violating his professional ethics. Arjun's medical license is temporarily cancelled and he is evicted from the flat. The next morning, Arjun learns that his grandmother has died; he meets his father and they reconcile. Arjun gives up his self-destructive habits soon after. While on vacation, Arjun sees a pregnant Preethi sitting in a park. Convinced that she is unhappy with her marriage, Arjun meets her after returning from his holiday. Preethi reveals that she left her husband days after their marriage and continued to work in a clinic. She tells Arjun he is the child's father and they reunite. The pair marry and Preethi's father apologises for misunderstanding their love for each other.
The Guilt Trip	American	comedy	Anne Fletcher	Andy Brewster (Seth Rogen) is a UCLA-graduate organic chemist and inventor. He is attempting to get his environmentally friendly cleaning product, ScieoClean, in a major retail store. However, each retail store he visits dismisses him before he can end his pitch. After a disappointing sales pitch to K-Mart, he visits his mother, Joyce Brewster (Barbra Streisand), in New Jersey before leaving on a cross-country trip to Las Vegas, lying to her that his pitch ended well so she won't worry about him. While there she reveals to him that he was named after a boy she fell in love with in Florida named Andrew Margolis, whom she hoped would object to her marriage with Andy's father. However, he never did and she felt that she never mattered to him afterwards. After a little research, he finds Andrew Margolis is still alive and unmarried living in San Francisco. He invites his unknowing mother on the trip, claiming he wants to spend some time with her. The road trip quickly becomes hard for Andy as his mother continues to intervene in his life. After their car breaks down in Tennessee, Joyce calls Andy's ex-girlfriend Jessica (Yvonne Strahovski), whom Joyce insists Andy should get back together with, to pick them up. At a pregnant and married Jessica's house she reveals that Andy proposed to her before college and she turned him down, shocking Joyce, who believed Andy had trouble proposing to women. Andy is glum afterward and Joyce apologizes for calling Jessica, which Andy half-heartedly accepts. In Texas, Andy has a meeting with Costco executive Ryan McFeer (Brandon Keener) however Joyce stays at the meeting and criticizes the products bottling and name along with Ryan to the point that Andy snaps at him. At the motel that night a depressed Andy begins drinking and Joyce attempts to make up with him however Andy snaps at her, only to have Joyce snap back and leave for a nearby bar. Later Andy attempts to retrieve his mother but gets in a fight with a bar patron who attempts to stop her from leaving, receiving a black eye in the process. At a steak restaurant the next day the two exchange apologies and Andy reveals that he is failing at selling ScieoClean. Joyce enters a steak eating challenge where she is noticed by cowboy-styled businessman Ben Graw (Brett Cullen), who gives her tips on eating and helps her finish the challenge. Afterwards he reveals he does a lot of business in New Jersey and asks her to dinner. Joyce, who has never been in a relationship after Andy's dad died when he was eight, balks at the offer so Ben merely leaves his number and asks her to call if she reconsiders. Andy and Joyce begin to genuinely enjoy each other's company after, taking time out of their trip to visit the Grand Canyon (which Joyce has always wanted to visit) and having many other adventures. At Las Vegas, Joyce has such a good time that she asks Andy to leave her while he visits San Francisco, forcing him to reveal that there is no sales pitch in San Francisco and he only invited her to get her to meet Andrew Margolis. Joyce is very distraught as she believed Andy invited her because he actually wanted to spend time with her. He goes to make his pitch at the Home Shopping Network but finds that his science-fact based pitch bores the network's executives and makes them uninterested. He then sees Joyce in the filming crew and takes her advice by appealing to the Network's host family safety and drinking his own product, proving that it is organic and safe for children. Afterwards the Network CEO approaches him and shows genuine interest in selling ScieoClean on the Network. Later, a jubilant Andy and Joyce decide to visit Andrew Margolis's house. However, when they arrive they are informed by Andrew's son, Andrew Margolis Jr. (Adam Scott) (whom Andy mistakenly researched instead of the father) that his father died five years ago. After seeing Joyce's grief he invites them inside, where he learns that his father and Joyce were close. She asks if Andrew's father ever mentioned her, but he says he never did as he only confided personal information to their mother, who is away. However he then introduces his sister (Ari Graynor), who is named Joyce after Andy's mom. Joyce is overjoyed by this as she had previously stated her belief that you name your children after someone you cherished and want to remember. This shatters her belief that she didn't matter to Andrew and makes her overjoyed. Afterwards they part ways at the San Francisco Airport; Andy to make his next sales pitch and Joyce back to New Jersey, where she arranges a date with Ben Graw. The two leave content and much closer than they had been.
Sanam Tere Hain Hum	Bollywood	romance	Jayanth C. Paranji	Sashi (Nagarjuna Akkineni) is an accomplished Telugu pop singer. He visits the USA to give a few live stage shows. He has a fiancee called Rukmini (Keerthi Reddy) back at home in Visakhapatnam (Vizag). Meghana (Anjala Zhaveri) is a US-educated girl staying in L.A, who has a lover called Sujit (Jagapati Babu) back in India. Sashi meets Meghana at a party. Meghana develops a few preconceived wrong notions about Sashi by observing him talking to various girls. When Sashi plans his trip to India along with his troop he chooses to travel in Leo Star Cruiseliner from Singapore to Vizag. Incidentally, Meghana too takes the same route to Vizag to meet her longtime love Sujit. As they travel together they get to know more about each other. Though they are aware of the fact that they do have fiancees, they could not stop inevitable thing happening. They fall in love with each other. Being a matured lover, Sashi explains Meghana that the feelings they have for each other might have been generated out of infatuation. Sashi comes up with a proposal that they must stay away from meeting and talking to each other for 90 days and spend their time with their respective fiancees. On the 90th day if they have the same feeling as of today they will meet at the lighthouse of Vizag port. Then they can dump their fiancees to get married to each other. After waiting for 90 days, Meghana is standing at the lighthouse of Vizag port. Sashi meets with an accident en route to the lighthouse. Thereby he fails to make it meet Meghana and express his love. A disappointed Meghana agrees to marry Sujit. As Sujit and Meghana are about to tie the knots, Sashi attends the marriage to singing a song. We have four characters (Sashi, Meghana, Sujit and Rukhmini) eagerly waiting for the things to happen. To know what we have in store for the climax.
A Kid for Two Farthings	British	drama	Carol Reed	In the busy wholesale-retail world of London's East End everyone, it seems, has unattainable dreams. Then a small boy - Joe - buys a unicorn, in fact a sickly little goat, with just one twisted horn in the middle of its forehead. This, he has been led to believe by a local tailor, Kandinsky, will bring everyone good fortune. The film has a haunting last image, of Kandinsky carrying the tiny body of the unicorn to the graveyard, whilst passing in the opposite direction is a Torah-reading Rabbi pushing a horn gramophone, a character that appears in the background several times during the film.
Just My Luck	American	comedy	Donald Petrie	The film follows the life of lucky and popular Ashley Albright (Lindsay Lohan) who has an extremely fortunate life and is always experiencing remarkable strokes of luck in contrast to the life of unlucky and unpopular Jake Hardin (Chris Pine), manager of McFly, who is extremely unsuccessful and followed by bad luck wherever he goes. Persistent in her effort to hold onto a client, Ashley manages to sell Damon Phillips (Faizon Love) on the idea of a masquerade party. Meanwhile, Jake tries to get a music businessman to sign up a band he leads, but due to his usual bad luck it is a disaster and Jake is fired. When Ashley's boss, Peggy, learns of the plan, she is, to Ashley's surprise, impressed with the idea, leaving her with the task of organizing the party independently. Jake, hearing of the party and of the number of possible sponsors who could be there, hatches a plan to attend, in order to meet a very famous man (Phillips) who could rehire him and publicise his band. He poses as a dancer for the masquerade party and gains entry. During the party, Ashley is confronted by a fortune teller who warns her she will soon be struck by bad luck. As Jake wanders around the party, he is taken with Ashley's beauty and asks her to join him in a dance, during which they kiss. Neither can see the other's face, as they are both wearing masks. During the kiss, their luck is switched: Jake gets Ashley's good luck and Ashley gets Jake's bad luck. Jake spots Phillips and saves him from a taxi cab that nearly hit him. As a way of thanking him, Phillips, who is in charge of a major record company, signs up McFly and hires Jake. Jake is surprised that something good actually happened to him. Meanwhile, Ashley's new bad luck kicks in and not only does she break her shoe, tear her dress, and nearly choke on an olive, but she goes to jail (her neighbor turns out to be an escort). Even in jail, Ashley experiences more bad luck (including one of the cell mates punching her in the face). After she gets out, she has even more bad luck, such as a flood in her house, a zit on her face, and causing the power to go out. Fed up and wanting to know why these bad things are happening to her, Ashley goes to the fortune teller, who tells her someone else has her lost good luck and he needed it more. Desperate to regain her luck, Ashley asks more of the fortune teller, who explains that, in order for her life to return to what it was before, she must again kiss the person she kissed at the party. Ashley begins hunting down all the dancers from the company who had supplied the dancers at the party. While on her search, Ashley tries to get some food from a cafe but is rejected because she doesn't have enough money. She creates mass chaos (due to bad luck) and makes a mad dash out of the cafe with the help of Jake, who offers Ashley his previous job as a janitor person at the bowling alley and takes pity on her because he was once in her situation. Ashley, desperate for a job, accepts immediately. Later, Jake takes Ashley to the place where McFly is practicing and Jake gets the deal from Phillips that signs his band up for a new music studio. Jake shares his good fortune with Ashley, even giving her a place to stay. She discovers that Jake is the one who has stolen her luck. Seizing her chance, she kisses him, whereupon he gets his bad luck back; Ashley's good luck has returned. That night, she thinks hard about her life and about how Jake had put his (her) good fortune to use. She decides that her life was more enjoyable without luck and goes to Jake's first concert for McFly, during which things aren't running smoothly. Ashley kisses Jake, given good luck again, and the concert is saved. Ashley decides to end contact with Jake, as she doesn't want their luck to be switched again; she believes Jake put the good luck to better use than she ever did. She goes to the railway station, where Jake finds her and tries to convince her that she was all he wanted since the party and says that even with all his good fortune, it could never buy him happiness. They then kiss each other relentlessly, causing their luck to swap so quickly that they no longer know who has the good luck and who has the bad. When they see Jake's little cousin Katy and both of them kiss her, one on each cheek, at the same time, she gets all the luck and wins a scratch card lottery of twenty-five dollars. Later, when they find a quarter, they decide that they still have some luck left. But only seconds later, they are drenched by a broken water line.
A Devilish Homicide	South_Korean	horror	Lee Yong-min	Family man Lee Shi-mak arrives at an art exhibition only to find the building empty, and is shocked to find a portrait of his ex-wife, Ae-ja, whom he has not seen for ten years. Shi-mak takes a taxi home, but is taken against his will to a house in the countryside. There he meets an artist, Park Joon-chul, who gives him the portrait of Ae-ja and pleads with him to take it and leave. At the stroke of midnight he becomes hysterical and hides Shi-mak under the bed, who watches as a woman stabs the artist in the back. After she has gone, Shi-mak flees with the painting, only to find the unconscious body of Ae-ja, looking as she did ten years earlier. He takes her to his friend Dr. Park, who, perplexed by her condition, doubts that she is alive. While Shi-mak is out of the room, Ae-ja awakes and kills the doctor before vanishing again. After he returns home with the painting, Shi-mak's family continue to be troubled by strange occurrences. As his mother returns home from the temple, she is attacked by Ae-ja, and, after a struggle, she falls into the river and is swept away. At the house, Shi-mak’s wife, Hye-sook, is powerless to stop Ae-ja from disappearing with their eldest daughter. Shi-mak’s mother then returns home apparently unhurt, though she acts oddly, showing fear at the sight of the rosary and licking the children like a cat. Later, a strange woman arrives at the house claiming to be the new housemaid, and soon after the other two children disappear. The next day, Shi-mak follows his wife to an abandoned temple, where she is killed by Ae-ja. He is prevented from saving her by the housemaid, who tells him that he has a greater hardship ahead of him. She gives him a globe, asking him to return it when he no longer needs it. Shi-mak returns home to his mother, but when he notices in a mirror that her reflection is that of a cat’s, she reveals her true nature as a spirit and attacks him. He stops her attack with the housemaid’s orb, and she dies. Distraught, Shi-mak takes the portrait and smashes it on the floor, discovering a diary that was concealed in the frame. Reading it, he finds a confession made by the artist Joon-chul, telling of the plot made ten years ago to kill Ae-ja. At that time, Shi-mak and Ae-ja had been a happily married couple. Hye-sook, jealous of the couple and resentful of her position as the family’s maid, conspired with Shi-mak’s mother, who despised her daughter-in-law for her inability to bear children. Enlisting the help of Joon-chul and Dr. Park, they convinced Shi-mak that his wife was having an affair, and poisoned Ae-ja. As she lay dying with only a cat for company, Ae-ja swore vengeance on those that had killed her. Years later, Joon-chul was enslaved by Ae-ja’s spirit, who commanded him to create the cursed portrait as a means of taking her revenge. Though saddened by this news, Shi-mak is relieved to hear the voices of his children. Noticing that the third eye is missing from the Buddha statue in the garden, he replaces it with the orb in his pocket and at once the three children reappear. Realising that the housekeeper was a guardian angel sent to protect his family, Shi-mak gives his thanks to Buddha and prays for Ae-ja's soul.
Indira Vizha	Tamil	romance	K. Rajeswar	The movie revolves around sexual harassment occurring at work. This movie is loosely based on the Hollywood movie Disclosure starring Michael Douglas and Demi Moore. The film is the story of Kamini (Namitha) getting back at her ex lover Santhosh (Srikanth) by reentering his life as the wife of his boss, played by Nassar. Srikanth plays the creative head of a television channel Teen TV (though it does indulge in political exposes), who is married to debutant Hemamalini. His life turns topsy-turvy when Nasser reinstates Namitha as the head of the TV channel, a promotion Srikanth anticipated for himself. Following this, it is the simple story with Namitha hurling sexual harassment accusations at him.
Richard's Things	British	drama	Anthony Harvey	On the death of the title character Richard, his widow discovers he had a secret long-term mistress. Despite the initial awkwardness between the two women, they soon begin to bond - and have a lesbian relationship.
Guilt Is My Shadow	British	drama	Roy Kellino	Jamie (Reynolds) is the getaway driver for a gang of robbers, but when the robbery goes wrong he drives off and makes his way by car and then train to a rural village, Welford, in Devon, where his estranged uncle, Kit (Holt), lives alone. Although Kit is not particularly pleased to see Jamie, he allows him to stay for a couple of days. A couple of days' stopover turns into an indefinite period, as Jamie, all the while sneering at Kit's rural life, gets a job (or is it a partnership?) at the local garage and eats Kit out of house and home. Things get momentarily worse for Kit as Jamie's estranged wife Linda (Sellars) turns up, hoping for reconciliation, but although Kit is wary of another unwanted guest at first, Linda is far more amenable than Jamie, whose attention has been diverted away by Betty (Morris), a single woman in the village whom he starts an affair with. Jamie is found to be stealing from Kit as well as the garage and when Linda confronts him he assaults her, and she kills him accidentally in an act of self-defence. Kit and Linda decide to hide the body, which draws them even closer together, and after telling the few people that are interested that Jamie has left the farm, life continues as before with Kit and Linda having fallen in love. Linda is still haunted by memories of Jamie however, and the situation becomes worse when Jamie's mother Eva (Avice Landone) arrives unexpectedly to see Jamie. Linda suffers something akin to a nervous breakdown, and the local doctor called to assist becomes suspicious at Linda's condition and actions, and calls the police. The police arrive and search for Jamie's body but are unable to find it, and are about to leave, when Linda's conscience gets the better of her and she calls them back to the house, presumably to make a complete confession and face the consequences, with Kit by her side. Locations An early shot is of the Torbay Express at Paddington and the scene then shifts to a shot of a down express at Coryton's Cove, Dawlish. There follow many scenes shot at Ashburton with Tillingham's garage being located next door to the site of the former Golden Lion hotel. Linda arrives by train at Staverton station where steam engines still run on the preserved South Devon Railway but the shot of her leaving the station jumps back to Ashburton. Recognisable coastal scenes are in Torquay where Thatcher's Rock, Hope's Nose and Long Quarry Point under Wall's Hill all appear in shot. The internal scenes are not very convincing representations of rural Devon architecture.
Poor Cow	British	drama	Ken Loach	18-year-old Joy starts her catalogue of bad choices by running away from home with Tom. They marry and have a son, Johnny. When Tom, a thief who mentally and physically abuses Joy, is jailed for four years after attempting a big robbery, she is left on her own with their son. After briefly sharing a room with her Aunt Emm, an aging prostitute, she moves in with Dave, one of Tom's former associates. Dave is tender and understanding in his treatment of Johnny and Joy, but the idyll is punctured when Dave gets 12 years for robbery. Intending to be faithful, Joy writes to him constantly, moves back with Aunt Emm, and initiates divorce proceedings against Tom. She takes a job as a barmaid, starts modelling for a seedy photographers' club and drifts into promiscuity. But when Tom is released, Joy agrees to go back to him for Johnny’s sake. One evening, after Tom has beaten her up, she runs out of their flat and returns to discover that Johnny is missing. After a frantic search, she finds him on a demolition site. Realising how much Johnny means to her, she accepts the need of compromise and stays with Tom, but she continues to dream of a distant future with Dave.
J. D.'s Revenge	American	horror	Arthur Marks	The story centers around Isaac Hendrix (portrayed by Turman), a young college student studying law and a taxi-cab driver in New Orleans. While out on a night of fun with his friends and wife Christella, during a hypnosis act, he becomes an unwilling host for the restless spirit of J.D Walker, a hustler killed during the 1940s. Over the course of the film, Ike finds himself gradually being taken over by the sociopathic Walker, even eventually going so far as to adopt his hair and fashion style, mannerisms, and psychotic tendencies (including an attempted rape on his wife after she mocked his J.D. haircut). With the spirit of J.D. in complete control, he turns his attention toward wreaking vengeance against the man responsible for killing his sister, Theotis Bliss. Ike commits havoc all over town before making his way to the church where Theotis' brother works as a preacher, where he finally reveals himself and instructs Elijah to tell Theotis to meet him on the killin' floor. Ike's wife has, meanwhile, gone to her ex-husband, a cop who is out for Ike's blood, believing him to be a simple psycho hiding behind a false persona—until he mentions to the Chief that Ike claimed his name was J.D. Walker, a man who was not only real, but also had died over 30 years ago. J.D. was a hustler who ran numbers during World War II, as well as a black-market meat plant where he was murdered by Theotis Bliss after witnessing the murder of his own sister, Betty Jo, at his hands because of her derisive chiding of him and threatening to expose the secret she held about her baby daughter. After being discovered over Betty Jo's lifeless body with her blood on his hand, Elijah Bliss (Gossett Jr.), Betty Jo's husband and the believed father of her child (and younger, submissive brother of Theotis), accused J.D of being the killer and J.D was gunned down on the spot by Theotis to cover up the event. Following Theotis to the old factory, Elijah finally learns the truth before getting into a struggle with Theotis for his gun, during which the weapon discharges and kills Theotis while Ike watches, and laughs maniacally as the event plays out. His business complete, J.D. appears to leave Ike's body and due to Elijah's testimony, he is allowed to go free to rejoin his wife and friends waiting for him outside.
The Quiet Gun	American	western	William Claxton	Doug Sadler (Lee Van Cleef), a cattle rustler comes to town. He’s in a secret partnership with saloon owner John Reilly (Tom Brown). They plan to run the stolen cattle into Hell’s Canyon, located on land belonging to Ralph Carpenter (Jim Davis). Carpenter and his wife Teresa (Kathleen Crowley) are separated, so Reilly has sent Native American beauty Irene (Mara Corday) to seduce Carpenter. Then Reilly put a flea in the ear of Steven Hardy (Lewis Martin), the town’s Eastern born city attorney about “immorality”. When Hardy tries to serve a warrant for his arrest, in the resulting confrontation Hardy is killed. Sheriff Brandon (Forrest Tucker), who was in love with. Teresa before her marriage and was friends with Ralph Carpenter, sets out to arrest Carpenter. However, a lynch mob knocks out the sheriff and hangs Carpenter. Brandon arrests the mob and tricks the city council into stopping another mob that demands the release of the arrested men. Meanwhile, Irene returns to the Carpenter house where she is discovered by Reilly and Sadler, who assault her. At the trial the members of the lynch mob are sentenced to three years in jail. Then Mrs. Carpenter arrives with the news that Reilly and Sadler have killed Irene. In a gunfight Sadler and Reilly are killed. Sheriff Brandon is only wounded and reunited with Teresa.
Narasimhudu	Telugu	action	B. Gopal	Narasimhudu (NTR)'s parents die at a young age and he is adopted by the villagers of Kondaveedu, who all take up the responsibility of bringing him up. The sons of JD (Puneet Issar) and Pothuraju (Kalabhavan Mani) rape an 11-year-old in the village. Narasimhudu who is also the caretaker of the village, vows to take revenge on the big people and their sons for committing the heinous crime. The rest is how Narasimhudu kills them.
Belphegor the Mountebank	British	drama	Bert Wynne	The plot centres on the character Belphegor, a nobleman by birth whose life circumstances change and who is forced to take up the life of a traveling showman.[1]
One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich	British	drama	Caspar Wrede	Ivan Denisovich Shukhov has been sentenced to a camp in the Soviet gulag system. He was accused of becoming a spy after being captured briefly by the Germans as a prisoner of war during World War II. He is innocent, but is sentenced to ten years in a forced labor camp. The day begins with Shukhov waking up sick. For waking late, he is forced to clean the guardhouse, but this is a comparatively minor punishment. When Shukhov is finally able to leave the guardhouse, he goes to the dispensary to report his illness. It is relatively late in the morning by this time, however, so the orderly is unable to exempt any more workers and Shukhov must work. The rest of the novel deals mainly with Shukhov's squad (the 104th, which has 24 members), their allegiance to the squad leader, and the work that the prisoners (zeks) do in hopes of getting extra food for their performance. For example, they are seen working at a brutal construction site where the cold freezes the mortar used for bricklaying if not applied quickly enough. Solzhenitsyn also details the methods used by the prisoners to survive; the whole camp lives by the rule of survival of the fittest. Tiurin, the foreman of gang 104, is strict but kind, and the squad's fondness of Tiurin becomes more evident as the book progresses. Though a morose man, Tiurin is liked because he understands the prisoners, he talks to them, and he helps them. Shukhov is one of the hardest workers in the squad and is generally well-respected. Rations are meagre at the camp, but they are one of the few things that Shukhov lives for. He conserves the food that he receives and is always watchful for any item that he can hide and trade for food at a later date. At the end of the day, Shukhov is able to provide a few special services for Tsezar (Caesar), an intellectual who does office work instead of manual labor. Tsezar is most notable, however, for receiving packages of food from his family. Shukhov is able to get a small share of Tsezar's packages by standing in lines for him. Shukhov reflects on his day, which was both productive and fortuitous for him.
The Marked One	British	crime	Francis Searle	A forger's daughter is threatened by other criminals, forcing him to take drastic action.
Possession	British	drama	Louis Mercanton	As described in a film magazine,[2] Lord Wheatley (Owen) purchases an island off Turkey and under Turkish rule. Upon arrival, he finds the natives bitterly opposed to his taking possession. They plan to install a young woman, Phroso (Longfellow), as dictator. Several fights occur between the islanders and Wheatley's servants. Mouraki Pacha (Maxudian) arrives and quells the natives, but covets Phroso. Wheatley rescues Phroso from Constantine Stephanopoulos (Capellani), who wants to marry her, but the Turkish governor threatens him with execution if he does not surrender her to him. They escape using a secret passageway but again fall into the Turkish ruler's clutches. However, an islander with a grievance against Mouraki Pacha stabs him and helps the pair to escape in their yacht.
Doraemon: Nobita and the Legend of the Sun King	Japanese	animation	Shibayama, TsutomuTsutomu Shibayama	A Mesoamerican kingdom, called Mayana, is ruled by a queen until an evil witch, Ledina, casts a spell putting her into an eternal sleep. Until the queen awakes, the throne is passed to her young son, Prince Tio. In the present day, Nobita and his friends are rehearsing for a school play based on Snow White with Doraemon's gadgets, but a series of miscasts halt their progress. Gian selfishly takes the gadgets to perform on an imaginary stadium, leading to Doraemon, Nobita, and Shizuka's attempt to take them back through a time portal. Gian's violent reaction breaks the portal, unknowingly connecting it to a tree in the forests of Mayana. Tio's pet jerboa-like creature, Popol ransacks Nobita's room and spreads his test papers throughout the forest, forcing Nobita and Doraemon to cross the portal to collect them. Along the way, Nobita is cornered by Tio until both land on a mud lake; to his surprise, he finds out that both of them look-alike. The three attempt to escape through the portal, but Nobita lags behind and gets captured by the kingdom guards, who mistake him for Tio. Tio himself, amazed by the magic of present-day technology, decides that he will temporarily switch roles with Nobita for several days, which Doraemon reluctantly agrees. At Mayana, culture shock and unexpected demands for a prince to wage war are Nobita's initial hardships while assuming Tio's role. However, Nobita astonishes the masses and Tio's associates with his friendly nature, as they had to face their prince's usual pride and rudeness. Using Doraemon's gadgets, he helps the poor kingdom, cursed by Ledina, by manipulating the weather, further amazing the people. Nobita befriends Tio's childhood friend, Kuku, whose father, Ishumaru, serves as Tio's battle tutor. Kuku, long having had a crush on Tio, is pleased by Tio's change of attitude when Nobita accepts her offer to make him a necklace. Meanwhile, Tio's surly and violent tendencies constantly causes problems and eventually annoys even the likes of Shizuka, causing Doraemon to expose the secret. With Tio returning to Mayana alongside Doraemon, Shizuka, Gian, and Suneo, Nobita is forced to wear a woman's attire so as to not confuse the others. Gian offers to become Ishumaru's student and Nobita helps Tio win a match in a ball game. After Nobita and his friends' departure, Kuku presents her necklace for Tio, who harshly rejects it, leading her to run away crying. However, Tio suddenly remembers Shizuka calling him out on his behavior while posing as Nobita and runs after Kuku to apologize. As Kuku cries near the river, Ledina's animal-controlling henchman kidnap her to lure Tio at her palace. The next day, Tio and Ishumaru stage Kuku's rescue, accompanied by Nobita, now wearing the prince attire back as well as the necklace given to him by Kuku, and his friends. While attempting to escape a snake pit, Ishumaru seemingly falls to his death. Unbeknownst to the group, Ledina sees that Tio disobeyed her demand to come alone at her palace and decides to eliminate the others. The group is then attacked by the henchman who kidnapped Kuku at the river, where Tio is kidnapped by an eagle and falls into the jungle. The others successfully manage to defeat the henchman when Doraemon feeds a special kind of bubblegum to the man's crocodile steed, which upon consuming the gum has its belly inflated and floats up to the sky. While trying to find Tio, an illusion-causing underling of Ledina informs the group that Kuku will be sacrificed at Ledina's pyramid-shaped temple. The group move onto the pyramid where they are attacked and eventually defeat Ledina's illusion-causing henchman. Ledina tells Tio to come to her as a sacrifice for restoring her youth during the solar eclipse in exchange for Kuku's life. Ledina demands the group not to get in her way, and she burns Doraemon's four-dimensional pocket with her powers and sends out her warrior henchman who attacks Gian. A fight ensues, but Ishumaru, having survived his fall, comes to Gian's aid and defeats the warrior. Nobita seemingly offers himself, but reveals that he had a spare pocket and uses a switching handkerchief to replace Kuku with a stone statue before attempting to escape. Enraged at his attempt to resist her, Ledina captures Nobita, but the people of Mayana arrive to save Tio. Ledina is unimpressed by this and is about to kill Nobita, but Tio, having survived his fall, reveals himself and offers to sacrifice himself for Nobita who taught him about friendship. Unfortunately, Ledina sees that she's running out of time and decides to just use Nobita, but the sun shines on Kuku's necklace which sends out a blinding light on Ledina giving him a chance to be freed from her grasp and throw Doraemon the spare pocket. Ledina's ritual soon fails and reveals her true, elderly appearance. She activates the temple's self-destruct system in one final attempt to kill Tio, but he and Nobita are saved by Ledina's condor, turned friendly by Doraemon's Momotaro dangos. Kuku is successfully rescued, though she remains in an enchanted sleep. Shizuka suggests that she can only be woken up by her prince, akin to the ending of Snow White; Tio heeds and kisses Kuku, freeing her from the spell. The queen, having awoken from her sleep, announces that Tio will succeed her as king. To their dismay, Nobita and his friends find out that the portal is weakening and likely unable to connect with Maya again. Without Tio's presence, Nobita bids his last farewell to him.
The Innocents	British	horror	Jack Clayton	Miss Giddens applies for a job as a governess. It is to be her first position, but the wealthy bachelor interviewing her is unconcerned with her lack of experience. He values his freedom to travel and socialise and unabashedly confesses that he has no room, mentally or emotionally for his niece and nephew. They were orphaned and left in his care as infants, and he keeps them at Bly, his large country estate. The previous governess, Mary Jessel, died suddenly less than a year ago. All he cares about is that Miss Giddens accept full responsibility for the children, never troubling him with whatever problems may arise. At Bly, Miss Giddens is instantly taken with Flora, the niece. She also forges a friendship with Mrs. Grose, the kindly housekeeper. The boy, Miles, is away at boarding school, but soon returns to Bly after being expelled from school for being a bad influence on his peers. Mrs. Grose says she cannot imagine Miles misbehaving, and when Miss Giddens meets the boy herself, she too thinks his teachers must have exaggerated. He seems charming and mature – though perhaps too mature, with flirtatious flattery toward his governess. Miss Giddens soon grows disturbed by the children's occasional odd behaviours and secretiveness, and is bothered by disembodied voices and apparitions of a man and woman she witnesses in the house, whom Mrs. Grose identifies, from their descriptions, as Miss Jessel and Peter Quint – the uncle's deceased valet. Mrs. Grose reveals that Quint was abusive to Miss Jessel, and that they were indiscreet, performing sexual acts in plain sight of the other servants and even, perhaps, the children. After Quint's accidental death, Miss Jessel went into a deep depression and drowned herself in the lake. When Miles recites a poem invoking a lost lord to rise from the grave, Miss Giddens concludes that the ghosts of Quint and Miss Jessel possess the bodies of the children so they can physically continue their relationship. She is determined to rescue them from this possession. One night Miss Giddens finds Flora at a window, watching Miles, who is walking in the garden. When Miss Giddens escorts him to bed, he kisses her goodnight in a disturbingly sexual manner. The next day Miss Giddens finds Flora dancing alone in a folly on the shore of the lake – and again sees the figure of Miss Jessel staring at them from across the water. Miss Giddens begs Flora to admit that Miss Jessel is there, but Flora begins to scream and cry, calling Miss Giddens wicked and insane. Hours later, Flora is still hysterical, and when Mrs. Grose finally leaves her bedside, she says she cannot imagine where Flora learned such obscenities. Miss Giddens orders her to take Flora away from Bly. She is certain that Miles is on the brink of confessing the possession to her and that she must be left alone with him. That night, alone with Miles, Miss Giddens presses him to talk about the ghosts, and about why he was expelled from school. Initially, Miles is glib and evasive, but he eventually admits that he frightened the other boys with violence and vulgar language. Miss Giddens enjoins him to say who taught him this language and behaviour. Miles suddenly begins yelling obscene insults and laughing maniacally, and Quint's face appears in the window behind him, joining in the boy's laughter. Miles then runs outside; Miss Giddens follows, begging him to say his name. Quint appears on a hedge nearby, but Miles does not appear to see him. He finally shouts Quint's name, and Quint appears. Miles grows still and falls to the ground. Miss Giddens cradles him and assures him that he is free. She then realises that Miles is dead. Sobbing, she leans over him and kisses him on the lips.
Kathavarayan	Tamil	action	Salangai Durai	The film revolves around Kathavarayan (Karan), who sells illicit arrack in Hogenakkal. Though he is involved in arrack trade, he is a man with golden heart. Malathy (Vidisha), a student, comes to the village as part of her NSS project. She vows to end the arrack menace in the village and takes efforts to arrest Kathavarayan. Thanks to her efforts, Kathavarayan gets arrested and lodged in prison in Chennai. Call it fate, Malathy is arrested for no fault of her in Chennai. Her efforts to expose drug-pedlers in Chennai backfires. They hatch a conspiracy and Malathy falls a prey to it. She gets arrested for possessing drugs and lands in prison. Kathavarayan comes out of jail to avenge Malathy. But comes to know her real intentions and the trouble she is facing. He masterminds a plan and joins the gang selling drugs and eventually exposes them only to save Malathy.
The Getaway	American	action	Roger Donaldson	Carter Doc McCoy and his wife Carol are taking target practice with pistols when Rudy arrives to propose they break a Mexican drug lord's nephew out of jail for a $300,000 payment. The job is successful, but it turns out the drug lord wanted his nephew free to kill him. Rudy is waiting with a getaway plane, but he sees police cars and leaves Doc behind. After a year in a Mexican jail, Doc sends Carol to mob boss Jack Benyon, who is looking to put together a select team of experts to rob a dog track in Arizona. Benyon agrees to get Doc released from prison, in exchange for sexual favors from Carol first. Doc gets out and meets the men Benyon has hired. One is Rudy, along with Hansen, who seems inexperienced. Rudy extends a hand and says No hard feelings but is punched by Doc and warned not to double-cross him again. At the track, while Doc is breaking into the vault, a guard pulls a gun and is shot by Hansen in a panic. The thieves escape by creating a diversion with a bomb under a gas truck and leave with the cash. The plan was for Doc and Carol to meet Rudy and Hansen later to split the money. On the road, Rudy kills Hansen and pushes him out of the car. Doc arrives at the rendezvous point, where Rudy again pulls a gun. Doc expected this and is ready with his own weapon, shooting Rudy and leaving him for dead. Doc and Carol drive off with all the money, unaware that Rudy was wearing a bullet-proof vest. A wounded Rudy drives to a local clinic, where he holds veterinarian Harold and his wife Fran hostage, forces them to treat his wounds and drive him to El Paso. An attraction develops between Rudy and Fran and they taunt her meek husband. At a motel, Rudy has sex with Fran after tying Harold to a chair. Hearing his wife's moans and her laughter at him, a heart-broken Harold commits suicide by hanging himself. Fran barely looks back as she accompanies Rudy to El Paso. Doc and Carol go to Benyon's house with the money. Benyon drops broad hints about what Carol did to get Doc out of jail. Carol approaches with a gun, unseen by Doc as he counts the money. Benyon clearly expects her to shoot Doc, but she kills him instead. Doc is upset, but Carol says she did what she had to do to help Doc and assumes he'd do the same if their situations were reversed. There continues to be tension between the pair, particularly when Carol loses the money to a con man at a train station in Flagstaff. Doc has to board the train, find the man and subdue him to retrieve the money. They proceed to the rustic Border Hotel in El Paso, owned by Doc's friend Gollie, to get new passports and identities so they can escape to Mexico. Rudy is already there waiting with Fran. Benyon's men, led by Jim Deer want the money and arrive in El Paso. Rudy sets a trap and Doc is startled to see him alive. He knocks out Rudy but resists killing him in cold blood. A long and bloody gunfight ensues with Doc and Carol shooting it out with Benyon's men in the halls and stairwells of the hotel. Rudy comes to his senses just as the last of Benyon's men die. He makes one more attempt to get the money and after a hand-to-hand fight is killed by Doc in an elevator when Doc shoots the cables, sending the elevator plummeting down to ground level. Doc and Carol hijack a pickup truck driven by Slim, an old cowboy, and drive to the border of Mexico. They buy the cowboy's truck and make their getaway.
Urge to Kill	British	crime	Vernon Sewell	While making her way home from the cinema one night in a particularly grey and drab town, a young woman is murdered in an unusually brutal and sadistic manner. Local suspicion immediately falls on Hughie (Knapp), a strangely behaved and not very bright local youth who has a habit of wandering aimlessly around the town at all hours randomly collecting stray bits and pieces, with a particular fondness for broken glass – which unfortunately for Hughie happens to have been one of the weapons used in the fatal attack. Hughie lives in the lodging house run by his aunt (Dunning), along with a selection of boarders including a kindly elderly gent with a penchant for Bible-bashing (Wilfrid Brambell) and a smooth-talking ladies man (Howard Pays). Hughie is questioned by the police, but Superintendent Allen (Barr) releases him as there is no firm evidence against him. A few days later another girl is killed in the town, and the locals make up their minds that Hughie is responsible and launch a witch-hunt against him. Believing the police are failing to do their job properly, they start issuing death threats against him after gathering in the pub to discuss the case, and the front window of the lodging house is put through by a large rock. Again, Allen's instincts tell him that Hughie is basically a harmless if odd soul, and is not responsible for the killings. He starts to look more closely at other individuals connected to Hughie, in the belief that somebody is going out of their way to set him up. While the townsfolk continue their vendetta, Allen quietly observes and finds his attention focussed on a likely suspect. He shadows the individual as he walks the streets of the town one night and catches the guilty party almost in the act, narrowly saving another young woman from a murderous attack.
Calamity Jane and Sam Bass	American	western	George Sherman	Sheriff Will Egan doesn't want any gamblers in Denton, Texas and is suspicious when stranger Sam Bass arrives in town. The sheriff's sister Kathy likes the newcomer, though, while Calamity Jane is impressed with Sam's way with horses, even more so when Sam spots a poorly shod favorite in a horse race and bets against him, winning a tidy sum. Sam buys the losing horse with his wager winnings and intends to race him. But when a hired guy poisons the horse, Sam shoots him. Sam tries to turn himself in, but feels he can't get a fair trial and busts out. Sam becomes an outlaw, robbing banks. He believes Kathy has tricked him and turns to Jane. He ends up shot, dying in Jane's arms, yet seemingly in love with Kathy.
ATM	Telugu	action	Joshi	Venki (Prithviraj) is an entrance coaching professor by day and robs automated teller machines (ATMs) using fake debit cards by night. He has been operating out of Kochi for the past three months and the Imperial Bank of India (IBI) is the target of all these robberies. ACP Harris (Jayasurya) is in charge of the investigation. But the managing director of the bank, Nandakumar Menon (Biju Menon), is not happy with the way the investigations are proceeding as the cops have been harassing the bank's customers. The bank authorities have ruled out a problem in their systems as the same system is used by other banks. The other banks are not yet a target. All the transactions done by the robber have been using a debit card. Nandakumar Menon decides to conduct an investigation in parallel with the cops. He summons a private Detective Alexander Felix (Narain). Felix is an unkempt young man who opted out of IPS. On the first day, he oversleeps on the train and does not disembark at Kochi. But appearances are deceptive. Beneath the surface, Felix is a sharp investigator. In order to assist him, the bank also appoints a senior systems manager, Roopa (Bhavana). Felix and Roopa move into the IBI guesthouse, which is right across from Venki’s apartment. Slowly, the trio begins a friendship. The rest of the story focuses on what happens to the three friends, how Felix succeeds in finding the ATM thief and what is the story behind Venki’s hatred towards IBI. Abhirami (Samvrutha Sunil) adds to the star cast as one of Venkatesh's students who has a crush on him.
Kuni Mulgi Deta Ka Mulgi	Marathi	comedy	Ashok Karlekar	The movie depicts a village called Virpur, which has not seen even a single male getting married for the past 25 years. The males have got very eager for their marriage, as they had crossed the suitable age. One fine day, Madan Mohan, son of the village head, returns from Mumbai after completing his education. Villagers seeks hopes in him as the person who could get married. The unmarried men of this village engages oneself to help in wedding preparation, with hopes that later they could even marry. The story further describes about the strange villagers and their strange and weird thoughts of their ignorance and the resulting humorous situations, and of Madan’s true love.
Yeh Dillagi	Bollywood	romance	Naresh Malhotra	Sapna (Kajol), the daughter of the Saigal family's driver, is a simple fun-loving girl, but she dreams about riches. Vijay (Akshay Kumar) and Vicky Saigal (Saif Ali Khan) are both heirs to Saigal Industries. Vijay spends all his time working and Vicky is a flirt. Vicky notices Sapna when she becomes a successful model. But Sapna's success does not change the fact that she is a driver's daughter. Mrs. Shanti Devi, Vijay and Vicky's mother, may overlook her son's affairs with rich girls, but not with a driver's daughter. As Vijay tries to help, he finds himself falling in love with Sapna, too. Before it's too late, Sapna falls in love with him, too, and the pair decide to get married. On Vicky's birthday, Vijay comes back with Sapna and sees his brother has changed. The man who used to be a flirt now doesn't drink liquor, smoke cigarettes, or flirt with girls. The only one he sees is Sapna. The boys talk: both want to marry Sapna. Vicky mistakenly thinks that his brother supports his pursuit of Sapna. One afternoon, Vicky goes out for lunch with Vijay and Sapna. In the middle of their journey, they have a flat tire, and Vijay tries to fix it. Instead, the jack breaks and Vicky offers to get one from a garage. Sapna realizes that Vicky wants to marry her at that point and starts to cry, so Vijay tries to calm her down by giving her a hug. Just then, Vicky arrives and realises that there is a connection between his brother and Sapna. He returns home drunk. Their mother has had enough and tells Sapna's father to tell her to go back to Bombay or get fired. Sapna storms off with her dad to the train station. Vicky threatens to commit suicide if his mother does not accept Sapna as her daughter-in-law; his mother accepts. Sapna returns and Vicky sacrifices his love for his brother. Vicky is seen driving and comes across a girl (Karisma Kapoor). He instantly falls for her.
The Extra Man	American	comedy	Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini	A failed playwright, Henry Harrison, develops an odd mentor relationship with Louis Ives, a troubled, cross-dressing, aspiring writer to whom Henry sublets a room in his New York apartment. Henry teaches Louis the art of being an extra man, accompanying and entertaining wealthy older women in their fanciful social lives. Along the way, Louis encounters an environmentally conscious co-worker, Mary Powell, and a jealous, eccentric neighbor, Gershon.[3]
Tap	American	drama	Nick Castle	Max Washington (Gregory Hines), just released from prison after serving time for burglary, is a talented tap dancer. His late father owned a dance studio that is now run by Little Mo (Sammy Davis, Jr.), whose daughter Amy Simms (Suzzanne Douglas) gives lessons to children. Back on the streets, Max isn't interested in dancing again but he is interested in seeing Amy, his former girlfriend. A local gangster, Nicky, doesn't care for Max personally but does try to recruit him to take part in a robbery. Amy has a job as dancer in an upcoming Broadway show and tells its choreographer about Max, hoping to land him a role in the chorus. Max is reluctant to agree to it, then incensed when he is humiliated during the auditions. Max must decide whether to swallow his pride and dance the way the man wants, or give up his art once and for all and return to a life of crime.
Farishtay	Bollywood	action	Anil Sharma	Gayetri lives with two close male friends, who she considers her brothers, by the names of Veeru (Dharmendra) and Dheeru (Vinod Khanna), who are small-time thieves, and con men, and are known to the local police. When Gayatri meets and falls in love with Police Inspector Arjun Thanghe (Rajinikanth), the duo are delighted and arrange her marriage with great pomp and ceremony. Arjun is then assigned duties to a distant village, which is facing oppression at the hands of Raja Jaichand (Sadashiv Amrapurkar), who refuses to accept the Indian Government nor even acknowledge it, and rules the region like a dictator. Arjun attempts to set things right, but is killed in the process, and Gayetri loses her mind. Gayatri does find her way to contact her brothers, and is horrified to find them in the employ of the person who has killed her husband, none other than Mr. Jaichand.
 Zero Charisma	American	comedy	Katie Graham	Scott Weidemeyer (Sam Eidson) is an overweight, overbearing table top role playing gamer. He has a pathetic job, his at-home life is often unbearable as he still lives with his grandmother. Worse yet, he's never had a girlfriend. He does have one saving grace: Every Thursday night is game night. Ongoing for three years Scott and his group of friends meet at his house to play a game he has made. But it's all thrown out of order when one of the players quits to save his marriage. Scott tries to refill the position, but after scaring off a potential replacement player due to his short temper, it seems as though it won't happen. However, by chance, he meets a charismatic hipster named Miles (Garrett Graham) at the local game shop and convinces him to join his game rather than the local ones. Things seem to be going well, however Scott finds himself hating Miles, as he steals the spotlight during his role playing games, Miles often talking about his personal life which mirrors what Scott wishes his life was, not the least of which is having an attractive girlfriend and running a successful popular culture website blog . Things take a turn for the worse when Scott's grandmother Wanda (Anne Gee Byrd) has a stroke. His mother, Barbara (Cyndi Williams), decides to visit, much to his dismay. Wanda has cared for Scott much of his life, after his mother (Barbara) abandoned him. Barbara also is engaged to her third fiance, Bob (Larry Jack Dotson). Scott again tries to run a smooth game night, but his mother disrupts it. Scott's attitude toward his mother's interruption deteriorates to the point she openly humiliates Scott in front of the group, forcing him to end the game early. At this point, the players decide to host the next game night at Miles's house, again to Scott's frustration. During that game night, Scott attempts to impress the group by declaring that The Matrix was written by him in junior high. When Miles points out several inconsistencies on his story, Scott becomes loud, defensive, unstable and goes to the bathroom to cry. When the game resumes, Miles decides to go off the story Scott planned and to kill off an important story non-player character. Scott attempts to cheat out of it but Miles's girlfriend catches him. The players then say Scott takes the game too seriously and it's no longer fun when he's the dungeon master. Scott has a meltdown and wants to leave the game, but his friends opt to stay and play with Miles instead, which further enrages Scott. Back at his grandmother's house, Scott, still fuming from the night before, finds out his mother is attempting to sell Wanda's house to settle debt she has accumulated over the years. Barbara manages to convince Wanda to sell the house after offering her a comfortable retirement only a few blocks from Barbara's house in Arizona. An angry Scott (who was promised the house by Wanda) berates his grandmother and threatens legal action, at which point even she turns on him, telling him he needs to grow up. Scott trashes his room, only to find a book written by his hero, Greg Goran (Dakin Matthews). He goes to the local gaming shop where Goran is making an appearance. At first Scott seems ready to own up to his actions, apologizing to the assistant manager, Pete (John Gholson), for his attitude in the past, as well as asking for his old job. However, when Goran says 'at the end of the day it's a game ... if your players aren't having fun, you're not doing your job.' Scott becomes outraged and takes it as a personal insult. He cusses out Goran and insults Pete and his girlfriend. Pete then tells the audience that Scott was fired for masturbating to hentai anime pornography on his laptop in the backroom while the store was being robbed. Publicly humiliated, Scott goes to Miles's house where he's having a party. Scott gets drunk and interacts with several of Miles's friends. Dressed in D&D robes, his drunken slurs about medieval culture allows him to become the life of the party among the party goers. After seeing Scott in his own home, Miles calls Scott's best friend, Wayne (Brock England), and asks him to come get Scott (who seems surprised that he was not invited to Miles's party). Scott then publicly challenges Miles to a faux battle with crutches. Scott's antics are so popular with the party goers that Miles has to comply. Scott loses control and lashes out at Miles and hits him hard in the face. At which point Miles strikes him in the stomach which puts him on the floor. Wayne, who just arrived a minute early, decides to defend his friend, attacks Miles and manages to rip out some of his hair before being thrown to the floor (allowing Miles to show off his violent behavior to the party goers and to the shock of his girlfriend). Miles, still enraged, calls Scott and his friends 'damn nerds' and tells them to get out (implying that Miles never cared about Scott's friends). Scott apologizes to Wayne for his past actions. In a small flash forward, Scott is employed at the retirement home where his grandmother is. Happier and more responsible, he plays his game with a small group of seniors. In the final scene, Scott shows a sliver of improvement in his attitude toward playing while still clinging to his serious gaming nature.
Hood of Horror	American	horror	Stacy Title	The animated introduction revolves around how Devon (voiced by Snoop Dogg) becomes a Hound of Hell, in which he agreed to sell his soul to a demon named Liore (voiced by Hawthorne James) to bring back his dead sister (whom he has accidentally killed). Liore grants him knowledge, strength, and the power to decide who goes to heaven or hell for an unspecified period of time. The animation is switched out showing Devon as a real person, as he narrates the stories. A female tagger named Posie (Daniella Alonso) is given the power of death by a mysterious Derelict (Danny Trejo), another Hound of Hell who captures her while she tries to escape from some gang members (Teyo Johnson, Noel Gugliemi and Jeffrey Licon) that harmed her mother (Andrea Lion). With it, any tag she crosses out causes the gruesome demise of the original tagger. She later suffers the ultimate price when she loses sight of her calling as an artist and starts to abuse her power. The Derelict told her that she could have broken the cycle of murder and violence in her city, but instead she made it worse. He takes the power away and sics the zombies of the recently deceased gang members on her. They lodge a spray-paint can in her head and spray the wall with her blood into a beautiful mural. Derelict tells the viewers Now that's life imitating art. A service held by Pastor Charlie (Billy Dee Williams) is given for Posie and her beautiful flower mural, while Devon and Derelict watch on in human disguises. A racist white couple, Tex Woods Jr. (Anson Mount) and Tiffany (Brande Roderick), are given the chance at inheritance when Tex's father Tex Woods Sr. (Chuck Hicks) dies mysteriously. But in order for them to receive the inheritance, they have to live with some black Vietnam vets (Ernie Hudson, Richard Gant, Tucker Smallwood and L. Kenneth Richardson) that served under Tex's father for a year. Instead of learning tolerance and respect from the vets, Tex and Tiffany just harass them and force them to work. When they start to cause casualties, they soon become victims to their unhappy house mates. After Tiffany ironically dies by stomach explosion from caviar and Tex Woods Jr.'s demise upon the housemates getting him impaled on a horn, the remaining housemates gain the inheritance of their friend Tex Woods and celebrate. Soon, Devon, who is now revealed to be the new landlord, greets them and congratulates them on their new wealth. However, it's short lived when Tiffany's pet chihuahua Pootie starts barking at Devon, who shoots it in anger. Then he calmly says No pets allowed. A new rapper named SOD (Pooch Hall) is finally starting to gain recognition and fame. During an awards show after party, he is confronted by Clara (Lin Shaye), a mysterious woman who seemingly stops time implying she too is a Hound of Hell. She shows him videos from his up-and-coming days: from when he first met Quon (Aries Spears) (another up-coming MC) to Quon's last day when he was gunned down in a liquor store by a masked burglar. During that life, Quon was always there acting as a big brother usually defending SOD when his ego got out of line. Quon was offered a solo career by a British Record Mogul (Jason Alexander) after SOD's behavior was out of control, but Quon refused and stayed with SOD. When SOD denies having anything to do with his death to Clara, Quon enters the room upon Clara's eyes glowing a familiar color. Back from the dead as a zombie, Quon knows it was really SOD and SOD's manager Jersey (Diamond Dallas Page) who were behind his death revealing the elaborate plot of SOD wearing a bulletproof vest as well as Jersey being the gunman as an act of betrayal and act of fame. Quon then brutally kills Jersey and frames SOD, who is then gunned down by the police during a shootout with them where he dies in the elevator. During all the stories, Devon tells the audience that each character had the potential to do good in life, but instead, chose to do evil for their own needs that resulted in each of their deaths. After each segment, he takes all the deceased characters to a mysterious elevator. First pulling Posie out of her mural, then dragging Tex Woods Jr. by the horn which is embedded in his neck with his partner Half Pint dragging Tiffany afterwards. After claiming SOD who wakes up in the elevator, Devon takes SOD, Posie, Tex Wood Jr., and Tiffany and sends all of them to a one-way ticket straight to hell, where all of them are further tormented. Devon tells the viewers that what they saw is what he does. When Half-Pint tries to quit, Devon reminds him that he can't because they must do this for all eternity.
Friday Foster	American	action	Arthur Marks	Friday Foster (Grier) is an ex-magazine model turned magazine photographer who refuses to heed her boss's admonitions against becoming involved in the stories to which she is assigned. After witnessing an assassination attempt on the nation's wealthiest African American Blake Tarr (Thalmus Rasulala) and then seeing her best friend Cloris Boston (Miles) murdered, Friday finds herself targeted for death. She teams up with private detective Colt Hawkins (Kotto) to investigate, and soon the two are hot on the trail of a plot to eliminate the country's African-American political leadership.
You, Me and Dupree	American	comedy	Joe Russo, Anthony Russo	Molly (Kate Hudson) and Carl (Matt Dillon) are preparing for their wedding day in Hawaii, until Carl's friend Neil (Seth Rogen) interrupts to say that Randolph Dupree (Owen Wilson) got lost. They drive off together to pick up Dupree, who appeared to have hitched a ride with a light plane after landing on the wrong island. A day before the wedding, Molly's father, Bob Thompson (Michael Douglas), who is also CEO of the company that Carl works for, makes a toast with humorous remarks at Carl's expense, foreshadowing a conflict between the two. Later at a pre-celebration at a bar, Carl neglects Dupree to be with Molly. Carl and Dupree later make up on the beach, as Dupree apologizes for laughing at Molly's father's jokes. Carl and Molly get married. When Carl returns to work, at Molly's father's Thompson Land Development, he is surprised to find that Mr. Thompson has promoted him to be in charge of a design he proposed, though it had been altered somewhat. Mr. Thompson makes absurd requests which proceed to get worse, starting with Thompson's drastic reimagining of Carl's new architecture project and that Carl get a vasectomy to prevent any future children with his daughter. Before returning home to celebrate his promotion with Molly, Carl stops by the bar, where he finds Neil and Dupree. After Neil leaves, Dupree reveals that he has financial problems, such as being evicted from his home and losing his job and car. Carl and Molly take Dupree into their home, though clearly they are frustrated as he is disruptive and messy. Molly sets up Dupree with a woman at her work, a primary school, who is a Mormon librarian. Dupree agrees, though Molly is shocked to find them having graphic sex when she comes home from dinner. Romantic candles burn down the front of the living room, and Dupree is kicked out. Meanwhile, Carl is being continually stressed out from work, though he and Molly find time to go out for dinner. On the way back they find Dupree sitting on a bench in heavy rain with his belongings. Dupree reveals that the librarian had just dumped him. Feeling pity, Molly insists they take him back in. Dupree apologizes for being disruptive and agrees to mend his ways. The next day, Dupree makes amends, refurbishing the living room, and doing Carl's thank-you letters, as well as making friends with kids from the block. Dupree cooks a large dinner for Molly and Carl, though Carl is late again, so Molly and Dupree start without him. When Carl finally shows up, he is a little jealous that they were having dinner together, and have a fight. Carl kicks Dupree out, suspecting an affair, which shocks Dupree. The following night, Mr. Thompson comes over for dinner. Dupree attempts to sneak back in to their home to get some of his belongings, but fails and falls off the roof. He is found outside and is invited in for dinner. After Mr. Thompson takes a liking to Dupree and asks him to go fishing with him, it enrages Carl because - even though he doesn't like fishing - it's Mr. Thompson's way of approving someone. Carl's fury boils over as he then imagines Dupree hanging out with Mr. Thompson and engaging in sex with Molly, causing Carl to jump across the table and attempting to strangle Dupree; Mr. Thompson hits Carl over the head with a candlestick shortly after. After returning from the hospital with a neck brace, Dupree and Molly confront Mr. Thompson about what he really thinks of his new son-in-law, while Carl had left. The next morning, Dupree gets all the local kids to search for Carl. Dupree eventually finds Carl in the bar, and convinces him to chase after Molly. Dupree helps Carl break into Mr. Thompson's office and confront him while Dupree himself distracts and evades a Samoan guard. Carl and Mr. Thompson finally reach an understanding and Thompson admits to his agenda of insulting Carl. Dupree and Carl return to the house, where Carl and Molly reunite, Carl apologizing, and agree to work it all out. Glad that he did his job, Dupree celebrates by leaping into the air with joy, until he falls to ground. All turns out well, with Dupree becoming a motivational speaker, Carl and Molly spending more time with each other, and Mr. Thompson accepting Carl as family. In a post-credits scene, famed bicyclist Lance Armstrong is seen reading Dupree's motivation book, 7 Different Kinds of Smoke: Living, Loving, and Finding your Inner -ness.
Donald Cried	American	comedy	Kristopher Avedisian	A Manhattanite banker returns to his hometown to pick up an urn and forgets his wallet. He seeks help from a home across the street only to find that it is still occupied by his high school neighbor who holds him hostage.
Mama	Chinese	drama	Zhang Yuan	The film focuses on a librarian struggling to raise her mentally handicapped son in modern-day Beijing while at the same time dealing with an absent and unresponsive husband. The story garnered much criticism from state-censors, who found the film too dark.[2] While the film was originally written to end on the dour note of the mother euthanizing her son, director Zhang Yuan eventually opted for a more open-ended and ambiguous conclusion.[2]
Nuvve Nuvve	Telugu	romance	Trivikram Srinivas	Anjali (Shriya Saran) is the daughter of a millionaire Vishwanath (Prakash Raj) who loves his daughter very much. So much that he even buys her an Icecream Parlor when his daughter asks him for an ice cream. What Vishwanath expects is a son-in-law who will never oppose him in any matter. Rishi (Tarun) hails from a middle-class family. His father, played by Chandramohan, owns a department store. He is a good-hearted but happy-go-lucky guy. Anjali happens to join the college in which Rishi is a senior. Soon, they fall in love with each other. On one occasion, Rishi takes Anjali to Mumbai for dinner. Anjali tries to shake off the issue with her father, saying that she was with one of her friends. But unfortunately, Vishwanath calls that friend up when Anjali was missing. He tells him that Anjali went to Mumbai with someone called Rishi. This is enough for Vishwanath's suspicion to rise that Anjali has fallen in love. He asks Rishi to prove his worth and asks him in some way to earn any money so that he can support Anjali, who he has brought up in riches. When Rishi refuses to comply, he gives Rishi one crore rupees to forget his daughter. Rishi takes it and then later gives it back, insulting Viswanath, and tries to prove that his love is greater than everything and money can't buy his love. To retaliate, Vishwanath insults Rishi's family by getting a beggar for marriage with Rishi's sister to try to convey to them the pain he must feel. Rishi then creates a scene in Viswanath's office beating up security guy and destroying computers in the office, Rishi clarifies that in the proposal that beggar be married to Rishi's sister there is no love between the two, but Rishi and Anjali love each other. Anjali starts to show more feelings for Rishi. Worried, Vishwanath tries to set Anjali's marriage with another guy. Anjali meets Rishi at his home and requests him to marry her right at the moment, but Rishi convinces Anjali that this is not the right way. Rishi takes her back to her home, there Rishi challenges Vishwanath that if getting Anjali married to some one else is right then that marriage can't be stopped, but if it is wrong then that marriage cannot happen. Consequent incidents make Vishwanath realize his mistakes and the arranged marriage fails while viswanath marries Anjali to Rishi.
The Gentleman	Bollywood	action	Mahesh Bhatt	Vijay (Chiranjeevi) owns a little agarbathi making business. When he is not busy with this, he is a master thief who steals crores and crores of money in order to build and run a school where students can freely study to become doctors, lawyers, etc. The police, led by Paresh Rawal are always on his tail, but he is ever elusive. Finally, he is identified as the thief and then is confronted by Juhi Chawla character, who loves him. He tells her what his intentions are and how his brother (Harish Kumar), because he couldn't pay the donations for medical school committed suicide along with his mother. Vijay is finally caught and convicted and when he is released from prison, his dream school opens. He marries Juhi Chawla, who has waited for him for a long time.
Forever Young	Chinese	romance	He Jiong	Set in an arts performing college, the story revolves around Yan Xi and Xu Nuo, a couple who is envied by many in school. The two work hard to achieve their dreams — Xu Nuo wants to eventually get sign on with a music label with his band and Yan Xi wants to go to Paris for ballet school. However, when Yan Xi finds out that she wasn’t accepted into the prestigious program, and that her friends had started making alternate plans, she breaks into a tantrum and starts to distance herself. Before she could make amends, her friends died in a car accident. Full of remorse, Yan Xi has a month to come up with a replacement for the Dance of the Cygnets that the four girls were going to perform at the university’s Dream Night Graduation Party. However, before she could think of a solution, Yan Xi falls and injures her leg. Xu Nuo proposes to his friends that they perform the Dance of the Cygnets themselves. The start training in secret, without Yan Xi’s knowledge, intending on giving her a surprise.
The Perfect Man	American	comedy	Mark Rosman	Single mother Jean (Heather Locklear) relocates every time she gets her heart broken by another guy, much to the dismay of her teenage daughter, Holly (Hilary Duff). Holly devises a plan to invent a secret admirer for her mother, so she'll be happy and not have to relocate anymore. Holly overhears her friend Amy's (Vanessa Lengies) uncle Ben (Chris Noth) ordering flowers for a woman, and decides to use his advice on women (which she acquires by telling him she needs help for a school project on romance). Following Ben's advice, she sends her mother orchids and other gifts and love notes, and is soon communicating with her mother as this fictitious admirer (who Holly names Ben) via the internet. As her mother becomes more interested, Holly has to find a photo of this admirer. She sends one of the real Ben, and then devises a reason why they can't meet in person, claiming he is working in China. While she is developing the online romance between her mother and fake Ben, and preventing her mother and the real Ben from meeting in person, she finds herself drawn to a cute, artistic boy in her class, Adam (Ben Feldman), but is unwilling to get close to anyone due to her history of being uprooted and having to say goodbye so often. As the charade continues, and as Holly spends more time with Ben while picking his brain for romance tips, she slowly begins to see qualities in Ben which make her believe he is her mother's 'perfect man.' Unfortunately there is no way her mother can ever meet the real Ben without Holly's plan being exposed. Holly asks help from Adam to disguise as Ben in the telephone and break up with Jean. But he fails, as he is revealed to be harboring feelings for Holly as well, in effect telling Holly's mother the opposite of what is planned. Next day at school, Holly confronts Adam angrily because of his failed attempt to disguise as Ben and break up with her mother over the phone didn't go according to plan. Adam apologizes and tells Holly that he was only got distracted. Holly demands to know what he could've possibly been distracted by and Adam admits his feelings for Holly by kissing her. That night, Lenny (Mike O'Malley), a man who is infatuated with Jean, proposes to her and she replies with a 'maybe'. Holly, in an act of desperation, then disguises herself as Ben's secretary and arranges a meeting between Ben and her mom. Next day, when Holly mistakenly thinks Ben is marrying someone else, she disrupts the wedding to tell Ben he should be with her mother, not knowing he was there because the bride is his dear friend and he was catering the wedding. A disappointed Ben follows her out and she admits the full story. Holly then goes to the meeting place and admits the whole ruse to Jean, who seems to take it terribly. Days pass by and Holly and her mom maintain a cold relationship, and Holly is offended by her interpretation of Adam's drawing of Princess Holly. Holly begs Jean for them to move again. Her mother is humiliated and wants to stay, but Holly tells her to leave this once for Holly. She says that she always has to move for her mom. Her mom can't argue with that so they start to pack. Adam, for what he thinks is the last time, goes to Holly's home and gives Holly's mom his drawing, commenting that the drawing has another side that Holly didn't see before she left, which turns out to be Adam telling Holly that he'll always be there for her. Touched, Jean logs onto the internet using Holly's screen name and talks to Adam. Adam, thinking it's Holly, says that her mom is setting a bad example, getting up and leaving when things get bad and that, in return, is making a bad role model for her own daughters. Jean is deeply moved by this and decides to stay, finding a new job and trying to rebuild her life without running away. She also apologizes to her daughter and tells her to look at the other side of the drawing, making Holly happy. Meanwhile Ben is inspired by what Holly told him about her mother, and with Holly's help, Jean and Ben finally meet and Jean finds her 'perfect man' at last. Holly is on the road to her perfect man as well since she has some stability in her life and finally opens up and admits her feelings for Adam. At the end, Adam and Holly go to their first school dance together.
Street Bandits	American	crime	R. G. Springsteen	Young lawyers Fred Palmer and Tom Reagan open an office down the hall from one occupied by L.T. Mitchell, who fronts a slot-machine operation run by Monk Walter, a brutal racketeer. Fred and Tom extend an invitation to a welcome party to Mitchell, who declines, but his stenographer Mildred Anderson accepts and quickly develops a romantic attraction to Fred. Trouble brews when Tom disapproves of the way Fred is representing guilty clients including Walter, who commits violent crimes as soon as he's back on the street. Fred does it to make money for the firm, but ultimately Tom breaks up the partnership to become district attorney and Mildred, after marrying Fred, also leaves. After the cold-blooded murder of Mitchell, a guilty conscience persuades Fred to change his ways, but Walter shoots him. Walter is killed during a police pursuit, Fred recovers in the hospital and Mildred returns to his side.
The Crime of Dr. Crespi	American	horror	John H. Auer	Dr. Andre Crespi (von Stroheim) hates Dr. Stephen Ross (Bohn), who married Crespi's girlfriend, Estelle (Harriet Russell). During surgery, Ross appears to die. Crespi has given Ross a drug that induces a state of apparent death, while Ross retains all of his senses. Dr. John Arnold (Guilfoyle) is then asked to exhume Ross by the suspicious Dr. Thomas (Frye). They exhume the body and return to the hospital to prove he was poisoned. Ross awakens from the drug while on the autopsy table. Frye received his highest billing in any of his films for this feature, and performs one of his few non-maniacal roles. He had a more distinguished reputation for his stage work, including Broadway.
Young Lochinvar	British	drama	W.P. Kellino	In Scotland, a young knight, Lochinvar, insists on marrying Ellen, the woman he loves although she is betrothed to another. Undaunted, Lochinvar seeks Ellen at a ball at Netherby Hall to save her from a forced marriage. Asking first for a dance, he sweeps her off her feet onto his horse and rides away with her.
Out of Sight	American	crime	Steven Soderbergh	A career bank robber, Jack Foley, and a U.S. Marshal, Karen Sisco, are forced to share a car trunk during Foley's escape from a Florida prison. After he completes his getaway, Foley is chased by Sisco while he and his friends—right-hand man Buddy and unreliable associate Glenn—work their way north to Bloomfield Hills, a wealthy northern suburb of Detroit. There they plan to pay a visit to shady businessman Ripley, who foolishly bragged to them in prison years before about a cache of uncut diamonds hidden in his home. A vicious criminal named Maurice Miller, who also spent time in jail with Jack and Ripley, is planning on hitting up Ripley's mansion with his own crew, including Kenneth and White Boy Bob. A romantic interlude between Foley and Sisco takes place in a Detroit hotel, but the question of whether she is really pursuing Foley to arrest him or for love ends in a showdown during the robbery at Ripley's home and adds to the fun Foley claims they are having.
Angaar	Bollywood	romance	Shashilal K. Nair	Unemployed and branded a trouble-maker, Jaikishan lives a poor lifestyle in a slum-area called Asha Colony, very near Andher's Lokhandwala Complex, along with his sister, Seema; mom and dad. He comes to the rescue of a homeless orphan, Mili, who suffers from a deep inferiority complex, and permits her to live with his family. Brutally outspoken, he believes that India should be awarded unlimited gold medals for corruption at all levels, fully aware that these beliefs portray him as a revolutionary, and prevent him from securing any gainful employment. His life will be turned upside down when he refuses to go along with the plans of the Khan family - consisting of builder, Majid; his goon brother, Farid, and their seemingly benevolent father, Jahangir. His family will also be traumatized after the Police arrest him for the alleged broad-daylight murder of Farid.
Countdown	American	sci-fi	Robert Altman	In the late 1960s, astronauts training in an Apollo simulator have their session ended early. They grumble about it, but their commander, Chiz (Robert Duvall), knows the reason for the abort: the Pilgrim Program. The Russians will be sending a moon landing mission up in four weeks. The Americans had a secret alternate plan to the Apollo program (Pilgrim) in case this happened. One man would be sent to the moon in a one-way rocket, a modified Project Gemini craft. He would stay on the moon for a few months in a shelter pod launched and landed before him. Later, a manned Apollo mission would come to retrieve him. The equipment is ready, but the Russians complicate matters by sending up a civilian. Chiz, although trained and qualified, is an Air Force colonel. NASA and the White House insist that an American civilian be their first man on the moon. Lee (James Caan), one of Chiz's crew, is tapped. Chiz is outraged, but agrees to train Lee in the few days they have. Chiz pushes Lee's training hard, half to get him ready, half hoping he will drop out and Chiz can step in. Lee persists, driven by the same astronaut dream. After a press leak about Pilgrim, the Russians launch a week early. Deflated at not being first, everyone carries on. The shelter pod (a LEM lander) is launched and landed successfully. Lee is launched on schedule. He encounters a power drain malfunction en route which tests his character and hinders radio contact. The Russians have also lost contact with their team. As Lee orbits the moon, he does not see the beacon of the shelter. With only seconds left before he must abort and return to Earth, he lies about seeing it. Mission Control okays his retro burn and he lands. Now all radio contact is lost. Lee gets out of the Gemini lander and walks around with three hours of oxygen in his suit. He finds the crashed Russian lander on its side, the three dead cosmonauts sprawled around it. Everyone on Earth is nervously awaiting news, but none comes. Lee takes the Soviet flag from a dead cosmonaut and lays it on a nearby rock with his own American flag. With little air left and nowhere to go, Lee spins the toy mouse his son gave him. It points right, so he walks in that direction. People on Earth are losing hope as his time has run out. Lee looks at his watch to see that he has just minutes of air left. A red glow on his arm catches his attention. It is the locator beacon atop the shelter. Lee is last seen walking towards the shelter and survives.
Black or White	American	drama	Mike Binder	Elliot Anderson (Kevin Costner) is widowed after a car crash leads to the death of his wife. Elliot raises his granddaughter Eloise as he struggles with his grief by binge-drinking. Elliot's world is turned upside-down when the child's black grandmother, Rowena (Octavia Spencer), demands that Eloise be brought under the care of her father, Rowena's son, Reggie (Andre Holland), a drug addict whom Elliot blames for the negligence that led to the death of his own daughter. Elliot finds himself deeply entrenched in a custody battle and will stop at nothing to keep his granddaughter from coming under the watch of her reckless father.
Strike Witches	Japanese	animation	Kazuhiro Takamura	On an alternate Earth during the World War II era, the world has been invaded by a mysterious alien force known as the Neuroi who take on forms similar to aircraft and spread a corrosive miasma. As a result, the armed forces of the world have allied together to combat the Neuroi threat instead of fighting among themselves. As normal humans have no effect against the Neuroi's technology, the military instead calls upon Witches, young girls who possess magical abilities capable of fighting against the Neuroi. The Witches, who are inspired by famous real-life pilots, grow animal ears and tails when using their magic, and can use special machines known as Striker Units, which feature designs based on real-life aircraft, to fly through the sky and increase the strength of their magical ability in combat. The light novel series follows the Suomus Independent Volunteer Aerial Squadron, focusing on a dogfighter named Tomoko Anabuki. The main anime franchise follows Yoshika Miyafuji, a girl from the Fusō Empire who joins the titular Strike Witches to investigate the death of her father and help fight off the Neuroi. The spin-off anime series, Brave Witches, follows a Fusō girl named Hikari Karibuchi, who joins the titular Brave Witches to fight in the place of her injured sister Takami.
Cthulhu	American	horror	Daniel Gildark	When young history professor Russ is called upon by his sister to execute their late mother's estate, he is reunited with boyhood friend Mike, and with his father, the charismatic leader of a New Age cult. While exploring his memories, Russ wanders into a warehouse where hundreds of names are listed on the walls. As he sleeps that night, he dreams of a stone cudgel and awakens to find a cudgel (with the word Dagon written on it) in his motel room; the town drunk warns him that it is an instrument of sacrifice. A young liquor store clerk enlists him to help find her brother, whom she believes has been taken by the cult. Russ's aunt, who has been living in an asylum, tells him that his mother left a message hidden in her house. Looking for answers in the warehouse, Russ is taken on an unbelievable journey through the small town's ancient, subterranean origins. When he escapes, he and Mike find the girl's brother murdered. Russ begins to believe preparations are underway for a mass sacrifice, and engages the attentions of a seductress in order to obtain information. He is raped and arrested for murder on the eve of the May Festival. The stakes are raised when Russ discovers that the cult intends to take over the world by raising anthropomorphic creatures from the sea. Russ is shown his children, presumably gilled Deep Ones swimming in a bath. The film ends with Russ and his best friend/lover being held by the cult, as Russ' father orders him to choose between the man he loves and the life he has been called to lead in his father's church.
Ajay	Kannada	action	Meher Ramesh	Ajay (Puneeth Rajkumar) is so clever he keeps Paddu (Anuradha Mehta) in his house for sometime without the knowledge of his father, who is a cop. When Vijay (Prakash Raj) comes looking for his would-be, there is further more actions. On the other hand Ajay, with the gang of his friends is making his own effort to send off Paddu to Australia as she is ready with Visa and passport. In the last minute he prepares for the final bout in Kabaddi game. It is victory everywhere for Ajay. In life he finds a profession, in personal life he gets a beautiful wife Paddu and he finishes of the strong opponent the rabble rouser Vijay and his team.It was blockbuster at its box office it ran for 100 days
Engeyum Kadhal	Tamil	romance	Prabhu Deva	The film is set in France and Italy. Kamal (Jayam Ravi), a young billionaire, doesn't believe in love. He works hard for 11 months and takes a month's break from all the work related commitments. Celloist Kayalvizhi (Kayal for short or Lolita for Kamal) (Hansika Motwani) believes in true love and is highly fascinated with Indian culture. Then she sees Kamal one day and it is love at first sight for her, but before she can follow him he gets into his car and goes away. Her father Rajasekhar (Suman) runs a small detective agency in France and Kayal often reads her father's case files for interesting stories. One day, Rajasekhar gets a new client (Manoj Pahwa) who wants to know about his girlfriend's mystery man. After a brief investigation, Rajasekhar finds that his client's girl friend is dating Kamal. Sonu gets angry and decides to kill Kamal. Kayal overhears the conversation and deciding to save them, rushes to their hotel. Sonu has sent some men to kill Kamal and he is on his way there. When Kayal reaches Kamal's room she finds the door locked from inside. Without knowing what to do Kayal tries to get inside through the balcony. When she was about to enter she hears a gunshot and faints in the balcony. By this time sonu's girlfriend has escaped from there. Just when Kamal is about to win the fight Sonu enters the room and threatens Kamal with a gun. Then he searches for his girlfriend he can't find her, instead he find Kayal in the balcony. Then he thinks that Rajasekar has made a mistake and apologizes to Kamal. Understanding that Kayal has saved him, he tries to get to know her better during their incidental meetings and even though Kayal tries to resist she cannot. Kamal leaves Paris for some board meetings and Kayal is heart broken. When he returns he doesn't remember her immediately even though she has been waiting for him. Kayal tries to make Kamal love her by pretending to have many boyfriends. Kamal does get a bit jealous and he decides to get a detective to know everything about her and her possible boyfriends. Initially the detective he chooses is Rajasekar Kayal's dad. Kamal doesn't know Kayal's name, but he says about all her fake boyfriends. Rajasekar realizes that the girl's boyfriends' names are same as the names of the people in his case files realizes that Kamal is actually inquiring about his daughter, Kayal as only she has seen them. He tells Kamal about it and asks him to leave his daughter as he always does when someone falls in love with him. Kamal agrees and tells Kayal that he will be leaving for Germany and that he doesn't know when he will return. Kayal is heartbroken. Kamal tries to forget her but find that he cannot as he realizes that he too loves her. So he returns to Paris and finds her. But Kayal is angry with him and walks away. Kamal runs after her saying that he is in love with her and will never leave her and they will be together thereafter.
Pyar Mein Padipoyane	Telugu	romance	Ravi Kumar Chavali	Chandra alias Chinna (Aadi) and Yuktha (Shanvi) are childhood friends. Chinna and his family move out of the house and that is the end of the connection between Chinna and Yuktha, But Chinna steals something that is of great value to Yuktha and she hates him for that. After many years, Chinna turns out to be a talented singer and he comes across Yuktha in his college. He falls for her, without realising that she is his childhood friend. Yuktha also turns out to be an aspiring singer and as a result, they soon become friends. Chinna has a band named Crazy and he invites Yuktha as the lead singer. They come up with some good tunes and they manage to impress the heads of some music companies. Love blossoms between Chinna and Yuktha and everything is fine, until Chinna discovers that Yuktha is his childhood friend. He also finds out that Yuktha still has bad feelings about the childhood incident. Chinna tries every trick in the book to make Yuktha forget about the childhood incident but he is not successful. He also faces opposition from Ashish, who has his own plans for Yuktha. What happens in the end? That is the story of this film.[1]
Tear Gas Squad	American	crime	Terry O. Morse	Tommy McCabe (Dennis Morgan) is a cocky nightclub singer who gets his jollies out of making fun of the local police force. In fact, his act includes a parody of a policeman. This does not prove amusing to pretty Jerry Sullivan (Gloria Dickson), the daughter of a police lieutenant (Harry Shannon), nor to Jerry's flatfoot boyfriend Bill Morrissey (John Payne). Falling in love with Jerry himself, Tommy joins the police force, where he is subject to the rigorous training program applied by Morrissey. Eventually suspended from the police because of his carelessness, Tommy ends up saving the day by saving Morrisey's life. Tommy is finally reinstated in the force, thus rewarding Jerry's faith in him.[4]
To Sleep with Anger	American	drama	Charles Burnett	Harry (Danny Glover), an enigmatic old friend from the South, comes to visit Gideon (Paul Butler) and his wife Suzie (Mary Alice), who haven't seen him for many years, who are delighted to see him again, and who insist that he stay with them for as long as he would like. Gideon and Suzie live in South Central Los Angeles, though they retain some of their rural southern ways, including raising chickens in the backyard. Harry has a charming, down-home manner, but his presence brings to a crisis the simmering trouble that is already in the family—especially as regards the younger son, Samuel or Baby Brother (Richard Brooks), and his relation to his parents, wife, and older brother, Junior (Carl Lumbly). His disruptive presence is dangerous (his influence threatens to break up Samuel's marriage and seems to be related to the illness that puts Gideon in bed in serious condition for a couple weeks), but ultimately purgative: Gideon's extended family is much more cohesive as a result of Harry's visit. The storm accompanying the wound Suzie suffers when she grasps the knife that Samuel and Junior are struggling over during their climactic fight clears while the two brothers quietly reconcile (during a long wait in an emergency room) and, similarly, the simmering anger that Harry seemed to bring to a boil is also dissipated. Harry's death just before the end of the film suggests, ambiguously, that he has been to a degree a self-sacrificing savior of the family.
Khela	Bengali	drama	Rituparno Ghosh	Khela is about an idealistic director's (Prosenjit Chatterjee) desire to make a film with a boy who he thinks is just perfect for the role. His wife (Manisha Koirala) wants a baby and the husband feels that the child will compromise the artiste in him. Here the aspiring but passionate film maker creates a bond with a superb rut of a child and who does feel that a child may spoil his career, started re-discovering a child within him. The film also deals with relationships and emotions but with a twist by adding up humor, adventure and edge-of-the-seat mystery.
Sense and Sensibility	American	drama	Ang Lee	On his deathbed, Mr. Dashwood tells his son from his first marriage, John, to take care of his second wife and three daughters, Elinor, Marianne, and Margaret, since they will inherit nothing. John's greedy and snobbish wife Fanny convinces him to give his half sisters practically nothing financially; John and Fanny immediately install themselves in the large house, forcing the Dashwood ladies to look for a new home. Fanny invites her brother Edward Ferrars to stay with them. Elinor and Edward soon form a close friendship, but Fanny haughtily tells Mrs. Dashwood that Edward would be disinherited if he married someone of no importance with no money. Mrs. Dashwood understands her meaning completely. Sir John Middleton, a cousin of the widowed Mrs. Dashwood, offers her a small cottage house on his estate, Barton Park in Devonshire. She and her daughters move in, and are frequent guests at Barton Park. The Dashwoods meet the older Colonel Brandon, who falls in love with Marianne at first sight. However, Marianne considers him an old bachelor, incapable of feeling love or inspiring it in another. One afternoon, Marianne takes a walk with Margaret and slips and falls in the rain. She is carried home by the dashing John Willoughby, with whom Marianne falls in love. They spend a great deal of time together, but on the morning she expects him to propose marriage to her, he instead leaves hurriedly for London. Sir John's mother-in-law, Mrs. Jennings, invites her daughter and son-in-law, Mr. and Mrs. Palmer, to visit. They bring with them the impoverished Lucy Steele. Lucy confides in Elinor that she and Edward have been engaged secretly for five years, dashing Elinor's hopes of a future with him. Mrs. Jennings takes Lucy, Elinor, and Marianne to London, where they meet Willoughby at a ball. He greets Marianne uncomfortably and barely acknowledges their acquaintance, and they soon learn he is engaged to the extremely wealthy Miss Grey. Marianne becomes inconsolable. Colonel Brandon later explains to Elinor that Willoughby seduced and abandoned his ward Beth, the illegitimate daughter of his former love, Eliza. When Willoughby's aunt and benefactress Lady Allen learned of his behavior, she disinherited him and so he chose to marry for money. Lucy is invited to stay with John and Fanny, as a way for Fanny to avoid inviting the Dashwood sisters to visit them. Lucy, falsely believing that she has a friend in Fanny, confides her clandestine engagement to Edward and is thrown out of the house. Edward's mother demands that he break off the engagement. When he refuses, she arranges to have his fortune transferred to his younger brother, Robert. On hearing this, Colonel Brandon offers Edward the parish on his estate, feeling sympathy for the unfortunate but honorable Edward. On their way home to Devonshire, Elinor and Marianne stop for the night at the country estate of the Palmers, who live five and a half miles away from Willoughby's estate. Marianne cannot resist going to see the estate; she becomes gravely ill trekking up a hill in a torrential rain. Colonel Brandon finds her in the rain and brings her home. Elinor stays at her side until she recovers, and the sisters return home. Colonel Brandon and Marianne begin spending time together, as Marianne has a new appreciation for him. She admits to Elinor that even if Willoughby had chosen her, she was no longer convinced that love would have been enough to make him happy. The Dashwoods soon learn that Miss Steele has become Mrs. Ferrars and assume that she is married to Edward. Later when Edward visits their house, they learn that Miss Steele unexpectedly jilted him in favor of his brother Robert, and Edward is thus released from his engagement. Edward proposes to and marries Elinor. Edward becomes a vicar, under the patronage of Colonel Brandon, whom Marianne marries. Willoughby is seen watching their wedding from a distance, and then rides away.
The Iron Sheriff	American	western	Sidney Salkow	A stagecoach is robbed in South Dakota and its driver is killed. A dying man, Gene Walden, tells the sheriff, Sam Galt, that it was Sam's son Benjie who shot the driver. Benjie is engaged to be married to Walden's daughter. Benjie is placed under arrest. Newspaper publisher Phil Quincy demands to know what Walden said, but Sam won't say. Quincy and the sheriff are in love with the same woman, Claire, whose father was a lawman killed in the line of duty. Sam brings in a prominent lawyer, Roger Pollock, to defend his son and hires a detective, Sutherland, to help find the real culprits. In time, all evidence points to Benjie being the killer, and against his lawyer's wishes, Sam testifies to what Walden told him. Benjie is found guilty and sentenced to hang. Coins from the robbery are found in Kathy's hope chest. She conspired in the robbery with Leveret, a telegraph operator who knew the stage's schedule, ambushed it and murdered the driver. Walden unjustly placed the blame on Benjie, disliking him for seducing his daughter. Sam manages to bring Leveret to justice in time to save his son.
Heaven's Lost Property the Movie: The Angeloid of Clockwork	Japanese	animation	Hisashi Saitō (Chief director), Tetsuya Yanagisawa	The film opens with Tomoki and the rest of the New World Discovery Club in the middle of another unusual, if not typical, situation. A giant chicken, about whom Tomoki apparently forgot, wreaks havoc on Sorami City, so Tomoki, via one of Ikaros' cards, has Sohara grown to giant size to fight the chicken, which she defeats, but then promptly steps on Tomoki for staring up her skirt. The film then switches to Daedalus who explains more about the Angeloids and their history, and then to a scene where an Angel is asleep in a pod. On Earth, Hiyori Kazane, a resident of Sorami City and the film's main heroine, introduces herself and explains how she met and fell in love with Tomoki, while also narrating about how she took part in several events from the two previous anime seasons, all the while observing Tomoki and his friends, and even becoming acquainted with most of them. After the recap, Hiyori decides she wants to be closer to Tomoki, so she asks to join the New World Discovery club, though Sugata is against it, as he remembers seeing an Angel resembling Hiyori in Synapse (the same one from earlier in the movie) and is not yet sure what their reality is. He relents however, when Mikako mentions the clubs budget will increase with the new addition, which also means Tomoki must now fully participate in the club. Not happy with this, Tomoki decides to make Hiyori quit by subjecting her to various perverted, fake initiation tests, which Hiyori embarrassingly completes. Despite this, Hiyori's feelings for Tomoki remain unchanged and she is welcomed into the club and participates in many activities with them, with even Tomoki accepting her presence and spending much time with her. This makes Sohara, Nymph, and Astraea believe they are dating, but wonder why, so Mikako suggests that Tomoki is blackmailing Hiyori. When the three girls confront Tomoki on this, Hiyori, who overheard everything, clears the misunderstanding and also confesses to Tomoki. Tomoki is left unsure of what to do, while Nymph and Ikaros understand that a relationship between Tomoki and Hiyori is impossible. In Synapse, Sugata asks Daedalus about the relationship between Hiyori and the Angel that resembles her. When she does not answer, Sugata mentions that when he first met Tomoki, he briefly forgot that they had met and asks if that is related to Synapse, to which Daedalus confirms. Sugata decides to further investigate, while on Earth Tomoki goes to meet with Hiyori to give her a reply. On the way, Hiyori is run over by a truck and dies, causing her body to disappear and her existence to be erased from the memories of everyone not related to the Synapse. Realizing what is happening, Sugata desperately runs to where the Angels in pods are, but when he makes it he does not recognize the Hiyori in the pod. The Master of the Synapse appears and taunts Sugata with his forgotten memories and mentions that Hiyori is awakening. Tomoki, unaware of Hiyori's fate, waits for her but when Nymph and Ikaros arrive, the former lies to him and tells him Hiyori will meet him tomorrow. To make up for her lying, Nymph spends the night with Tomoki and asks for the imprinting, but Tomoki explains that he wants her and the other Angeloids to be free. Nymph says she wants to be imprinted because she is in love with Tomoki, but before she can convey her feelings Tomoki experiences severe headaches from the memory wipe, so Nymph holds him, knowing that by tomorrow Tomoki will have forgotten Hiyori. The next morning, Tomoki still clearly remembers Hiyori, while everyone else has forgotten her. Distraught, Tomoki runs over town searching for her, while in Synapse Hiyori is grief-stricken that her time on Earth has ended, so the Master of the Synapse offers her one more chance to see Tomoki. Tomoki confronts Ikaros and Nymph on what is happening, but Nymph explains they cannot tell him anything for fear of Tomoki learning that Hiyori is not the only part of his reality that isn't real. Tomoki collapses from the severe headache pain, so the two Angeloids including Astraea look after him. Nymph picks up something on her radar, so the three go to investigate, and find Hiyori. The reunion is cut short when, she is transformed into an Angeloid and is ordered by the Master of the Synapse to kill the three. Hiyori uses her ability of time manipulation to attack both Sorami City and the Angeloids, and easily overpowers the three. Nymph determines the only way to stop Hiyori is to kill her, though Ikaros objects, but Nymph reluctantly prepares to do so, until she is stopped by Tomoki, who swears to save Hiyori. The Master of the Synapse orders Hiyori to kill Tomoki, but Sugata arrives to help, while the three Angeloids stall Hiyori. They manage to destroy the structure that binds her, but it does not free her. Nymph also realizes that the dimensional mechanism system that produces Hiyori's time altering powers has reached the breaking point causing a process that will result in the area around Hiyori, Sorami City, to be blown away. Unable to stop the process, Ikaros traps Hiyori within her Aegis to contain the blast, but also traps herself in since she does not want Hiyori to be alone in her final moments. Tomoki however glides to them and is let into the Aegis, where he is able to bring Hiyori back to her senses. Hiyori begs for them to get away as it won't be long before she self-destructs, so she uses her hacking abilities to dispel the Aegis, and kisses Tomoki before leaving. She thanks him and remembers how they first met as children, and that it was because of him that she came to love Sorami City. She notes that while her time on Earth was short, she enjoyed her time with everyone and thanks her friends and Tomoki, and reaffirms her love for him before being destroyed. Tomoki breaks down in tears, and the film ends with him swearing that he will never forget Hiyori. Near the end of the credits, Sohara is seen viewing the scrapbook, filled with pictures of the group having fun. As Sohara leaves, a picture where Hiyori had faded away due to the Synapse's deletion, is seen where Hiyori slowly fades back in, revealing that she has somehow been revived. In a post-credits scene, Tomoki stands at the spot overlooking the city where he and Hiyori first met and behind him a ray of light shines down with feathers falling from the sky. When he looks up, he smiles happily, and as the screen fades out, the sound of Hiyori's bell ornaments are heard, once again, implying that she has somehow been revived.
Incident at Midnight	British	crime	Norman Harrison	Old Dr. Schroeder (Martin Miller), who has been struck off, attends a late night chemist every night for a prescription, and to observe Dr. Leichner (Anton Diffring), an ex-Nazi war criminal who has taken a new identity. Leichner, we discover, has a blonde wife (Sylva Langova), and a blonde mistress (Jacqueline Jones), who is blackmailing him. He is also involved in a drug scam involving two lockers and two keys, and aims to become a millionaire selling drugs. Meanwhile, a wounded bank robber has been taken to the dispensary for treatment, and to rendezvous with his gang leader. Old Dr. Schroeder finds himself attending to the robber's injuries.
Starchaser: The Legend of Orin	American	animation	Steven Hahn	In the future on a planet named Trinia, human slaves have lived underground for millennia mining crystals for a god named Zygon and his robot minions. One day Orin, a young miner, finds a jeweled sword embedded in the rocks. Hopps, grandfather of Orin's girlfriend Elan, recognizes the sword and gives his life to save Orin and keep the sword a secret. When Orin later takes the sword into his hands, it ascends into the air and buries itself in the cavern's floor. A projection of an old man appears from the blade, telling those present that above the caverns is a magnificent universe that the people may find. The blade then disappears, leaving only the hilt. Forced to leave Orin's young, blind brother Calli behind, Orin and Elan set out to discover this universe and find the blade to the sword. Chased by Zygon's robots, they emerge in an industrial complex where they meet Zygon, who reveals the face of a human man beneath his mask. Zygon strangles Elan to death, but Orin escapes this fate when Zygon is distracted by the sword hilt. When Zygon's robots accidentally fire on a crystal deposit, Zygon presumes Orin dead in the resultant explosion and cave-in. Orin digs a tunnel to the surface of Trinia, where he is later captured by Man-Droids, a group of decaying half-organic, half-robotic beings who intend to tear him apart and use his body parts to replace their own. Unexpectedly, his sword's hilt produces what is apparently an invisible blade, killing two of the Man-Droids and helping Orin escape. Orin subsequently runs into a human smuggler named Dagg Dibrimi, who takes Orin (whom he dubs Water Snake for his outrageous tale about human slaves in the mines) along on his journey to smuggle crystals. Eventually, Dagg seizes a load of crystals from a hovering freighter, but is driven away by Zygon and his robotic guards. During the fight, Dagg seizes a Fembot named Silica and uses it as a shield from laser blasts. Subsequently, re-programmed by Dagg, Silica becomes attached to him. At the same time a mysterious Starfly appears and attaches itself to Orin. Dagg flies his spaceship, the Starchaser, to a city called Toga-Togo on the planet Bordogon, where he abandons Orin and gives Silica to a slave auctioneer. Orin wanders through the city, trying to find a clue that will lead him to the location of the hilt's blade. After meeting a fortune-teller who tells him to visit a place called Novaluna, Orin sees Silica offered for sale, whereupon he offers high prices to buy her. When the auctioneer finds that Orin has no knowledge of local currency, he takes Orin's freedom in addition to Silica's; but Dagg, moved by his own conscience, frees them. Later, Dagg and Orin visit the home of two desert-dwelling merchants, to whom Dagg sells the stolen crystals. Because Zygon has placed a price on Orin's head, the merchants offer to buy Orin as well, but Dagg refuses. In response, the merchants place a time bomb in Dagg's payment. Orin is forewarned by the Starfly, whereupon Dagg and Arthur, the Starchaser's intelligent computer, throw the bomb into their enemies' camp. Thereafter Dagg agrees to take Orin to Novaluna, but they are shot down by Zygon's robotic soldiers. Dagg is captured and the ship is rendered inactive; Orin is thrown clear of the ship but is rescued by Aviana, the daughter of Bordogon's Governor. Upon having woken and met Aviana, Orin tells her his story, whereupon Aviana's computer reveals that the hilt has historically been used by a group of legendary guardians called the Ka-Khan to vanquish threats to humanity. Among these threats was a tyrant called Nexus, after whose defeat the hilt vanished until Orin's discovery of it. Aviana takes Orin to Trinia, where he again faces Zygon. Orin attempts to kill Zygon for Elan's death and thereby exposes him as a robot. Zygon then reveals that he is Nexus, seeking again to rule over humanity with his army of robots. Zygon takes Orin's hilt and begins to co-ordinate the attack, while Orin and Aviana are imprisoned in the cell block wherein Dagg is also captive. Just as Orin and Aviana confess their feelings toward one another, Aviana is taken aboard Zygon's flagship as a hostage. Orin is again approached by the Starfly, who brings him the hilt, which he uses to free himself and Dagg. They enter Zygon's flagship and take control of it, using it (again aided by the Starfly) to destroy the enemy fleet. They are rejoined by Silica, who has restored the Starchaser. Orin and his friends penetrate Zygon's base, but are attacked by his remaining troops. While Dagg and Silica stay behind to fight off their pursuers, Orin enters his original cavern home and begins to denounce Zygon, but is interrupted by Zygon himself. They fight, resulting in Orin dangling over a chasm while Zygon gloats over him. As Orin hangs over the chasm, three Starflies appear and merge into one; but instead of giving him the hilt at his request, it states that he has no need of the hilt, adding that there never was a blade. Orin therefore realizes that the power to create a cutting force came from himself. At this, he pulls himself up, generates such a force, and uses it to destroy Zygon. Orin's people subsequently rise in revolt and win their freedom. Above, Silica mistakenly fires a laser blast from the Starchaser into the accumulated crystals, causing them to explode and triggering a chain reaction which threatens to collapse the mines. Orin uses the hilt to open a fissure by which his people ascend to Trinia's surface, where Orin uses his new-found power to heal Calli of his blindness and Dagg, Silica, and Aviana join them. Moments later, several Starflies reveal themselves to be the spirits of the past Ka-Khan, including the elder man of the hilt's projection. They invite Orin to join them; but he refuses for the time being in favor of living with his friends. Thereafter the other Ka-Khan leave him to merge with the stars.
Simhasanam (സിംഹാസനം)	Malayalam	action	Shaji Kailas	The story centers around the Chandragiri family whose head Madhava Menon is liked by all in the village. His only son Arjun who is a student in Manipal. As Madhava Menon's popularity rises and spreads to other parts, so does the number of enemies who feel that he is stealing the limelight from them. Things reach a pass where Arjun had to be summoned from Manipal to clear up the atmosphere and restore order. The constant struggles between Madhava Menon and Arjun Madhav on one side and their enemies on the other side is the main theme in the story.
Ride the Man Down	American	western	Joseph Kane	Celia Evarts and her brother John inherit the valuable Hatchet Ranch after their father dies in a blizzard. Other cattlemen and cowboys in the region immediately try to take advantage, grazing on the land and using its water for free. Celia's brother is also shot and killed. Will Ballard, her foreman, sets out to protect Celia's interests, with sheriff Joe Kneen's help, particularly after Celia's fiance, Sam Danfelser, betrays her and sides with Bide Marriner, a rich rancher who hopes to gain control of Hatchet for himself. Bide seizes a watering hole and the only way Will can think of to defeat him is to destroy it. Bide then tries to shoot the sheriff in the back, but Kneen gets the better of him. Sam rides in for one more confrontation, but before he and Will can come face to face, Celia slips away and takes care of matters herself.
Extreme Movie	American	comedy	Adam Jay Epstein, Andrew Jacobson	The film is a series of vignettes with Matthew Lillard's sex advice is intercut within every couple segments. Mike (Ryan Pinkston) tries to impress his crush, Stacy (Cherilyn Wilson). Fred (Michael Cera) meets a girl (Joanna Garcia) online and they arrange for menacing action, only for Fred to break into the wrong apartment. The promiscuous Betty (Ashley Schneider) going to the next level (kinkier and more outrageous sexual adventures) with Chuck (Frankie Muniz), and later Fred. Justin (Andy Milonakis) buys a vibrating vagina and falls in love with it, all the time while crushing on another girl; the vibrating vagina has a personality of its own and commits suicide when Justin rejects it. A Real Sex-esque skit where a girl admits to having sex with two black men on camera. Two guys, Barry and Leon (Kevin Hart and Jermaine Williams), create a woman on their computer, only for her to run wild. Jessica (Rheagan Wallace), in an attempt to become horny, puts her vibrating cell phone in her vagina, only for it to fall in. Len (Ben Feldman) wakes up to find a girl and another guy (Jamie Kennedy) in his bed, and his parents home as well; the whole thing turns out to be a hidden camera bi sexual show. Sex education teacher Mr. Matthews (John P. Farley) teaches his class with no rules and a lot of embarrassment, usually centering on Mike. Ronny (Hank Harris), obsessed with Abraham Lincoln, creates a time machine and travels back in time to have sex with Lincoln (Ed Trotta).
Kill Bill Volume 1	American	action	Quentin Tarantino	A woman in a wedding dress, the Bride, lies wounded in a chapel in El Paso, Texas, having been attacked by the Deadly Viper Assassination Squad. She tells their leader, Bill, that she is pregnant with his baby. Bill shoots her in the head. Four years later, having survived the attack, the Bride goes to the home of Vernita Green, planning to kill her. Both women were members of the assassination squad, which has since disbanded; Vernita now leads a normal suburban family life. They engage in a knife fight, but are interrupted by the arrival of Vernita's young daughter, Nikki. The Bride agrees to meet Vernita at night to settle the matter, but Vernita tries to surprise the Bride with a pistol hidden in a box of cereal. The Bride dodges the shot and throws a knife into Vernita's chest, killing her. Four years earlier, police investigate the massacre at the wedding chapel. The sheriff discovers the Bride is alive but comatose. In the hospital, Deadly Viper Elle Driver prepares to assassinate the Bride via lethal injection, but Bill aborts the mission at the last moment, considering it dishonorable to kill the Bride when she cannot defend herself. In the present, the Bride awakens from her four-year coma and is horrified to find she is no longer pregnant. She kills a hospital worker who has been raping her while she was comatose, takes his truck, and teaches herself to walk again. Resolving to kill Bill and all four members of the Deadly Viper Assassination Squad, she picks her first target: O-Ren Ishii, now the leader of the Tokyo yakuza. O-Ren's parents were murdered by the yakuza when she was a child; she took vengeance on the yakuza boss and replaced him after training as an elite assassin. The Bride travels to Okinawa, Japan, to obtain a sword from legendary swordsmith Hattori Hanzō, who has sworn never to forge a sword again. After learning that her target is Bill, his former student, he crafts his finest sword for her. The Bride tracks down O-Ren at a Tokyo restaurant, the House of Blue Leaves, and defeats her yakuza army, including the elite Crazy 88 and O-Ren's bodyguard, schoolgirl Gogo Yubari. She duels with O-Ren in the restaurant's Japanese garden, and slices the top of her head off with a sword stroke. She tortures Sofie Fatale, O-Ren's assistant, for information about Bill, and leaves her alive as a threat. Bill asks Sofie if the Bride knows her daughter is alive.
Meri Aawaz Suno	Bollywood	action	S. V. Rajendra Singh	Inspector Sushil Kumar (Jeetendra) is an honest Police Officer; he has a happy life with his wife Sunitha (Hema Malini), who is Pregnant, and his mother. Kanwar Lal (again Jeetendra) is a smuggler, gangster, cold-blooded murderer, a rough and tough man who looks like Sushil, who is presently in prison serving life imprisonment. Kanwar Lal is a very important person in a dangerous gang, which is creating destruction in the country. CBI officials make a plan to send Sushil in the place of Kanwar to catch those dangerous gangsters who have high-level influence in the society; Sushil decides to take up the job by informing his family that he is going to London. Sushil changes his getup as Kanwar and creates the image that Kanwar has run away from the jail, finally he succeeds in joining the gang and starts collecting information regarding them. One day, Sushil's mother dies due to the heart attack, but he is not in a position go because his secret might break out, and he controls himself for his country's sake. Sushil finally succeeds in his mission of collecting all the secrets of the gang including higher officials of the government with evidence, but in the last minute, they come know he is a police officer, but he safeguards the evidence, they keep him in their custody and make him a lot of torches, finally they kidnap Sunitha and they kill her, who is carrying a baby, even then he wouldn't reveal the secret. At last, he escapes from them and reaches the higher officials with the evidence, but they also cheat him, then Sushil decides to take revenge against all of them, he removes all the anti-social elements and evil in the society and surrenders himself before Judiciary with evidence and asks for Justice; there ends the film.
Phenomenon	American	drama	Jon Turteltaub	George Malley is a kind but average auto mechanic in a small town in Northern California. While celebrating his 37th birthday at a local bar with his best friend, Nate, and father figure, Doc Brunder, he steps outside while drunk. A ball of shining bright white lights moves around in the sky, grows closer and hits him in the head, making a loud sound and knocking him down. When he comes to and re-enters the bar, he learns that nobody else saw the lights nor did they hear the sound. Doc notices something is amiss when George quickly achieves a checkmate in their chess game. George begins to exhibit remarkable levels of intelligence. He easily absorbs vast amounts of information, formulates new, revolutionary ideas, as well as developing psychokinesis. Not needing sleep, he spends each night reading multiple books. George tries to use his new intelligence for the good of his community. He correctly predicts an earthquake without any equipment. When Doc is called to aid a sick Portuguese man, George learns the language in minutes and helps translate. He then uses his telekinesis to rescue the man's young relative. Visiting Nate, George decodes and responds to a signal on Nate's shortwave radio, though Nate asks him to forget about it out of fear that they might be picking up information from a nearby air force base. During this time of upheaval the townsfolk become wary, but George finds support from Doc, Nate and from a growing relationship with a single mother, Lace, and her children, Al and Glory. George also sets a plan in place to help Nate get together with the mother of the Portuguese boy he rescued. George invites Lace to join him on a trip to UC Berkeley to meet with seismologist Professor Ringold about George's earthquake prediction. Instead, the FBI takes George and Nate into custody over his code-breaking. He breaks more codes, then astounds Dr. Nierdof by easily answering a series of difficult quizzes and exams. When George threatens to talk to the press, he is finally released. Returning to the local bar, George becomes frustrated with friends' questions about his abilities, and he causes a large mirror to break via telekinesis. Lace visits him to provide a shave and a haircut. Their innocent intimacy scares her since she has tried so hard to not like him, but it encourages him to stop avoiding the townsfolk. He goes to the county fair to ease fear with a demonstration of his powers, but the crowd goes into a frenzy, demanding his attention and his perceived healing powers. George is knocked to the ground, where he again sees the balls of light, before losing consciousness. George awakens in a hospital. With Lace and Nate there for support, Doc explains that George has a deadly brain tumor. This has caused the lights and stimulated George's phenomenal brain functions. They have called Dr. Wellin, a leading brain surgeon, to see if an operation can save George's life. Dr. Wellin later determines there is only a 1 in 500 chance of survival, but wants to proceed with an invasive operation solely to do research on George's living brain. When George refuses, saying he still has work to do, the doctor has him declared mentally unfit and held against his will. George escapes from the hospital and returns home. He spends time with Nate, then goes to Lace's to spend time with her and her children. The FBI agent shows up, but Lace persuades him to let George die in peace. George and Lace share a romantic and intimate time, but he informs her that he is about to die and she cries as she holds him. Professor Ringold arrives at Lace's house, only to learn that he is too late. Lace gives him George's research materials, so he can finish George's breakthrough work. A year later, George's friends are gathered for what would have been his 38th birthday. Nate, now fluent in Portuguese, is married to a visibly pregnant Ella. Other signs of George's phenomenal impact on the town and its people are seen all around.
Robbers' Roost	American	western	Sidney Salkow	Suspecting them of being rustlers, cattle rancher Bull Herrick hires two feuding men, Hays and Heesman, as ranch hands to keep a close eye on both. The rancher's daughter Helen arrives and wants Bull to return East with her, where doctors can treat the condition that has left him in a wheelchair. A stranger in town, calling himself Tex, is asked by Bull to protect Helen from unwanted suitors, and soon he earns her trust. But at the train station, Helen spots a wanted poster showing Tex's true identity to be Jim Wall, a fugitive from a murder charge. Hays steals the cattle and kidnaps Helen, resulting in a posse coming after all. Tex brings a horse to Helen's rescue and is forced to knock her unconscious after she refuses to leave with him. On the run from Hays, she discovers Tex had shot two men justifiably who had killed his wife. Helen creates a rockslide, after which a dying Hays confesses all.
The Night of January 16th	American	crime	William Clemens	Steve Van Ruyle (Robert Preston) is a sailor who inherits a position on the board of a company headed by Bjorn Faulkner (Nils Asther). The board is concerned to discover $20 million has disappeared from the company's funds, and demands answers from Faulkner. That night Faulkner meets with a man called Anton Haraba, and is apparently thrown from his penthouse balcony to his death. Faulkner's secretary, Kit Lane (Ellen Drew), enters the penthouse moments later, leading police to arrest her for Faulkner's murder. Van Ruyle decides to investigate the crime. Suspecting that Lane and Faulkner were embezzling the money together, he pays her bail so he can question her about the situation. They find Faulkner's diary, and the entries lead Van Ruyle to believe Lane is innocent. The district attorney (Paul Stanton) doesn't agree, and Lane goes to trial. Van Ruyle attempts to prove Lane's innocence with fake evidence, but his ruse is discovered. The two flee with evidence from Faulkner's apartment, which they use to track down the mysterious Haraba. They trace him to a hotel in Havana, Cuba, where they discover that Haraba is a pseudonym being used by Faulkner, who has faked his own death. When Faulkner takes Lane captive, Van Ruyle rushes with police to Faulkner's room to rescue her. Faulkner is arrested, and Van Ruyle and Lane decide to get married.
Eşrefpaşalılar	Turkish	drama	Hüdaverdi Yavuz	The film is about two friends, Tayyar (Hüseyin Soysalan), a mafia leader, and Davut (Turgay Tanülkü), a neighborhood coffee shop owner, who move from their hometown, Eşrefpaşa, to Istanbul, where they both fall for Eleni (Sermin Hürmeriç). Tayyar marries the girl, but she is actually in love with Davut. Aware of the situation, Tayyar attempts to take revenge on Davut by encouraging his foster child, Nusret (Burak Tarık), to become involved in the mafia. Nusret is forced to choose between the girl he loves and the appealing world of big money, but when a hodja is appointed to the derelict neighborhood mosque, the course of events starts to change on its own.
3 Geezers!	American	comedy	Michelle Schumacher	Follow actor J Kimball as he researches what it's like to be old for a role in an upcoming movie. When he meets the residents at The Coconuts convalescent home, he quickly discovers that his perceptions of the elderly may be off from today's reality. After being on the wrong end of some pranks, J enlists the help of his Hollywood friends to turn the tides. Mayhem ensues.
My First Wife	Australian	drama	Paul Cox	The film follows the dissolution of John and Helen's marriage and the aftermath.
Taxi Driver	Bollywood	action	S. M. Raza	Travis Bickle, a 26-year-old honorably discharged U.S. Marine, is a lonely, depressed young man living in isolation in New York City. He takes a job as a taxi driver to cope with his chronic insomnia, driving passengers every night around the city's boroughs. He also frequents the porn theaters on 42nd Street and keeps a diary in which he consciously attempts to include aphorisms, such as You're only as healthy as you feel. Travis becomes infatuated with Betsy, a campaign volunteer for Senator and presidential candidate Charles Palantine. After watching her interact with fellow worker Tom through her window, Travis enters to volunteer, as a pretext to talk to her, and takes her out for coffee. On a later date, he takes her to see a pornographic film, which offends her, and she goes home alone. His attempts at reconciliation by sending flowers are rebuffed, so he berates her at the campaign office, before being kicked out by Tom. Travis confides in fellow taxi driver Wizard about his thoughts, which are beginning to turn violent; however, Wizard assures him that he will be fine, leaving Travis to his own destructive path. Travis is disgusted by the sleaze, dysfunction, and prostitution that he witnesses throughout the city. His worldview is furthered when an adolescent prostitute and runaway, Iris, enters his cab, attempting to escape her pimp, Charles Sport Rain. Sport drags Iris from the cab and throws him a crumpled $20 bill, which continually reminds Travis of her and the corruption that surrounds him. In attempting to find an outlet for his frustrations, Travis begins a program of intense physical training. A fellow taxi driver refers him to an illegal gun dealer, Easy Andy, from whom Travis buys several handguns. At home, Travis practices drawing his weapons, and modifies one to allow him to hide and quickly deploy it from his sleeve. One night, Travis enters a convenience store moments before an attempted armed robbery, and he fatally shoots the robber. The shop owner takes credit for the deed, taking Travis' handgun. Later, Travis encounters Iris again and hires her, but attempts to dissuade her from continuing in prostitution rather than having sex with her. He fails to completely turn her from her course, but she does agree to meet with him for breakfast the next day. Travis leaves a letter to Iris at his apartment saying he will soon be dead, and money for her to return home. After shaving his head into a mohawk, Travis attends a public rally where he plans to assassinate Palantine, but Secret Service agents notice him with his hand in his coat and chase him off. Travis flees and later goes to the East Village to invade Sport's brothel. A violent gunfight ensues, and Travis kills Sport, a bouncer, and a mafioso; Travis is severely injured, sustaining multiple gunshot wounds. Iris witnesses the fight and, hysterical with fear, pleads with Travis to stop the killing. After the gunfight, Travis attempts suicide, but has run out of ammunition and resigns himself to lying on a sofa. When the police arrive, he places his index finger against his temple, pantomiming the act of shooting himself. Having recovered from his wounds and returned to work, Travis finds himself hailed as a local hero in the press for shooting the three men. He receives a letter from Iris' father, thanking him for saving her life and revealing that she has returned home to Pittsburgh, where she is going to school. Later, Travis reconciles with Betsy when dropping her off at her home in his cab. When she tries to pay her fare, he smiles at her and turns off the meter. As Travis drives off, he suddenly becomes agitated after noticing something in his rear-view mirror.
Three Silent Men	British	crime	Daniel Birt	Pacifist surgeon Sir James Quentin (Sebastian Shaw) operates on Zaroff (Meinhart Maur), the inventor of a lethal weapon to be used against the Allies in the war. When Zaroff is discovered dead from an excess of ether, Quentin is immediately suspected. To clear her father's name, Quentin's daughter Pat (Patricia Roc), and her boyfriend Captain Mellish (Derrick De Marney), search for the real murderer.
Five Guns to Tombstone	American	western	Edward L. Cahn	Young outlaw Billy Wade, determined to reform, is roped into a robbery by rich businessman George Landon, then framed for it. Billy's brother Matt is sprung from prison by Landon on the condition he get Billy to go along with the theft. During a struggle for a gun, Matt is accidentally killed and his teenaged son Ted and others mistakenly believe Billy killed him in cold blood. Billy pretends to help bandit Ike Garvey but ultimately assists in his capture, earning Ted's forgiveness.
Chain Gang	American	crime	Lew Landers	After a state senator's bill to abolish chain gangs is rejected by the Senate, newspaper reporter Cliff Roberts (Kennedy)[6] persuades his boss Pop O'Donnel (Harry Cheshire) at the liberal Capitol City Evening Standard to arrange for him to go undercover in a chain gang prison. Equipped with false employment records and a tiny microfilm camera disguised as a cigarette lighter, he tells everyone—including girlfriend Rita McKelvey (Marjorie Lord), a reporter for a rival newspaper[7]—that he is going on a fishing trip, but actually heads for Cloverdale Prison Farm in the deep south, scene of recent incidents which left three inmates dead. The prison's Captain Duncan (Emory Parnell) supplies labour in the form of chain gangs, which are ostensibly for state construction projects but in reality are being exploited by Rita's stepfather, local entrepreneur John McKelvey (Thurston Hall), for his construction projects. Working as a guard, Roberts secretly photographs prison conditions, arriving in time to witness the recapturing of an escaped inmate who is sent for an overnight stay in the sweatbox as punishment. Roberts is supplied with a bullwhip and is required to use it when a convict - Snead (William Phillips) - is caught covering up for another inmate who can't work well enough at the construction site. Under Captain Duncan's orders, Roberts reluctantly flogs Snead at the whipping post. Later he visits Snead in solitary confinement to apologise for the whipping and gains the inmate's trust. Roberts' secret photographs are published in the newspaper, much to McKelvey's consternation.[8] A foreman on the construction project (who knows Roberts as Jack Granger) sees his photograph in McKelvey house. His cover blown, Roberts uses the confusion of fellow prisoner Snead's escape to make a run for it.[9] The two men try to outrun the guards and their dogs across wilderness and through woodland. Roberts is shot and left for dead by Captain Duncan,[10] who later pins the blame on Snead. Roberts eventually makes it to safety and is reunited with Rita. Snead is killed while on the run and McKelvey is charged with the exploitation of convict labor for personal gain.
Third Party Risk	British	crime	Daniel Birt	While holidaying in Spain, Philip Graham (Bridges) by chance runs into an old wartime RAF colleague Tony Roscoe (Peter Dyneley), now a society photographer. The pair spend some time reminiscing, before Tony is urgently called back to England on business. Tony is required to fly home, so Philip offers to drive Tony's car back from Spain at the end of his holiday. Tony asks him to also pick up an envelope he has left in the hotel safe. After Tony's departure, Phil is attacked in a case of mistaken identity while driving Tony's car. When he reports the attack, a local police inspector (Roger Delgado) and a mysterious hotel guest Darius (Currie) both tell him that since his discharge from the RAF, Tony has become embroiled in suspicious and probably criminal activities and has been under surveillance. Back in England, Phil goes to return the car, only to find Tony dead on the floor of his darkroom. Phil becomes the prime suspect and, realising that the key to the case must be the contents of the envelope he has in his possession, sets about investigating on his own account. He quickly becomes drawn into a world of extortion and industrial espionage, focussed on a stolen medical formula which many people seem to want to get their hands on. Along the way he romances the enigmatic Mitzi (Silva) and also falls into the sphere of influence of sultry temptress Marina (Maureen Swanson). Developments lead him back to Spain, where he finally manages to crack the mystery.
Near the Rainbow's End	American	western	J. P. McGowan	Rancher Tug Wilson (Alfred Hewston) discovers his mate's diabolical scheme, only to be killed instantly. The criminal rancher, Buck Rankin (Al Ferguson), is guilty of killing the Bledsoes' cattle. Buck blames Tug's death on Jim (Bob Steele), the son of Tom Bledsoe (Lafe McKee). Seeking revenge, Tug's daughter Ruth (Louise Lorraine) joins a movement led by Buck to kill Jim. Jim narrowly escapes his first capture attempt but knows he will not make it far. Luckily for him, a sheep herder has witnessed Buck killing Tug and the cattle. With the truth out, Sheriff Hank Bosley (Hank Bell), who was initially on Buck's side, promptly arrests the guilty rancher.
Bar 20	American	western	Lesley Selander	Hopalong Cassidy and his sidekicks California Carlson and Lin Bradley leave their Bar 20 ranch for a cattle buy from the Stevens spread. Along the way, they encounter Mrs. Stevens, her daughter Marie and ranch hand Mark Jackson, whose stagecoach has been robbed by the Quirt Rankin gang. Marie's stolen jewels are held for ransom and her sweetheart Richard Adams intends to raise the money. Jackson, secretly the boss of Quirt's gang, tries to swindle Richard out of his land and lends him cash that was Hoppy's cattle money before the robbery. He also kills Quirt. Hoppy mistakenly believes Richard to be the thief and takes back the money. The honest Richard forms a posse that places Hoppy, California and Lin under arrest. A scheme to trap Jackson pays off, however, and once he's apprehended, all is well.
The Texan	American	western	John Cromwell	A young bandit called the Llano Kid (Gary Cooper) is wanted by the law and has a price on his head. After stopping in at the local blacksmith, John Brown (James A. Marcus), a highly religious man who fancies himself a sheriff, the Kid gets into a poker game during which he notices a young gambler cheating, confronts him, and is forced to kill him in self-defense. The Kid is then pursued by Sheriff Brown and is almost apprehended, but is able to get the draw on the zealous lawman. As the Kid leaps into the saddle, Sheriff Brown pledges, God will deliver you into my hands. Later aboard a train, the Kid meets an unscrupulous lawyer named Thacker (Oscar Apfel), who convinces him to pose as the son of Señora Ibarra (Emma Dunn), a wealthy South American widow whose son Enrique disappeared fifteen years earlier. Having set himself up as the widow's agent hired to find the lost son, Thacker plans to return with her son and swindle the widow's gold in the process. Soon the two men set sail aboard a schooner to South America, where they arrive at Señora Ibarra's family hacienda in a little seaport town of Buenas Tierras. With his basic Spanish speaking skills, new sideburns, and tattooed hand (similar to Enriques), the Kid is able to pass himself off as Enrique, the long lost son of Señora Ibarra. Their plans are interrupted, however, when the Kid meets and falls in love with his lovely niece Consuelo (Fay Wray). Softened by Señora Ibarra's affection for him, and his newfound love, he begins to have second doubts about the scheme. When the Kid learns that Señora Ibarra's son was in fact the very man he shot in self-defense in the saloon, he calls off his deal with Thacker. Angered by this turn of events, Thacker organizes a gang to steal the gold outright. Meanwhile, Sheriff Brown arrives at Buenas Tierras, having finally tracked down the Llano Kid, who has been delivered into his hands. He waits until nightfall before making the arrest. During the ensuing gunfight, the Kid is wounded, and Thacker is killed. Afterwards, Brown has a change of heart after seeing the Kid's true character and courage. The sheriff agrees to keep the Kid's identity secret so Enrique can continue his life with his new family.
Ride Beyond Vengeance	American	western	Bernard McEveety	A census taker (James MacArthur) arrives in the Texas town of Cold Iron, with a population of 789. He goes into the local bar for a cold beer, and tells the bartender the town has an unusual number of citizens named Jonas and Reprisal. He observes a painting above the bar of a violent street fight. He is then told of the events behind the fight involving a buffalo hunter and gunman named Jonas Trapp and the night the local Mexicans still call The Night of the Reprisal and The Night of the Tiger., their name for Jonas. In flashback, we learn that Jonas Trapp (Connors) is a poor cowboy in love with a wealthy woman named Jessie Larkin (Hays). They intend to marry despite the objections of her aunt (Ruth Warrick). The aunt sees Jonas as a man of no prospects and prefers she marry someone more substantial. To gain the aunt's permission, Jessie pretends to be pregnant. Jonas marries her, but quickly tires of his dull life in town and being forced to live off his wife's money. He heads for the hills without her to become a buffalo hunter, hoping to amass enough money to give Jessie the life he feels she deserves, without her aunt's involvement. This is in direct contrast to TV Guide's review at the time that Jonas was a fortune-hunter after Jessie's money. Jonas is gone for more than 10 years. He amasses a small fortune of his own and a reputation as a dangerous gunman who once traded shots Clay Allison and walked away. He decides it is finally time to return home. On the trail, Jonas stumbles over the campfire of an obvious rustler and is ambushed by three men: Brooks Durham (Rennie), the local banker; John Johnsey Boy Hood (Bill Bixby), a sadistic young hustler with a love only of fine clothes and himself, and Coates (Claude Akins), a notorious drunk. They accuse him of being the rustler and, despite his denials, beat him, take his money, then brand him with a running iron and leave him for dead. A farmer named Hanley finds Jonas and helps nurse him to health. Trapp, learning that his money has been stolen, is consumed by a desire for revenge and heads back for Cold Iron, where he learns from his father that Jessie's aunt has died and his wife is now engaged to another man - Brooks Durham. When Jessie encounters him on the street, she doesn't recognize him. She thinks he's just another filthy, smelly animal and runs away. In the course of his remaining in town, Jonas continues hunting for the men who branded him. He takes Johnsey-Boy Hood on his way back from romancing the lonely wife of a local farmer (Gloria Grahame) in hopes of cheating her out of some money. Under the threat of being branded and gelded by Jonas, Hood's sanity cracks. He grabs the hot iron and rams it repeatedly into his stomach as he runs screaming into the woods. He later commits suicide. Jonas also encounters the saloon bouncer (Buddy Baer), a giant of a man whom Jonas had met the night before. He[clarification needed](the bouncer) doesn't like the town laughing at him for letting Jonas leave the bar with a bottle of liquor that Jonas has promised to pay for later, and now wants the money for the bottle[clarification needed] Jonas took the day before. The resulting fight presages the subject of the painting we saw in the framing sequence, and the bouncer is nearly beaten to death. Only the arrival of Jonas' father stops the fight. Hanley is revealed as one of the rustlers involved with Coates. Coates kills Hanley when the old man denies having Jonas' money. Coates reasons that Durham must have it and tries a little blackmail. Durham threatens to kill Coates, telling him that he used to wear his gun tied to his leg, and he's usd it n better men than Coates. But the alcoholic Coates is beyond reasoning. Jonas runs into Durham on the street, the last man on his list, but both are ambushed by Coates, who is on a drunken rampage. Coates is eventually beaten to a pulp by Jonas, then killed when he tries for his gun. That act of violence apparently takes the thirst for revenge out of Jonas and he leaves his now-empty forty-five behind on the bar. When Durham finally confesses to the town what he and the other did to Jonas and that he took the money, Jonas can only knock him down in disgust and walk away. He leaves the cash - and his need for revenge - behind. The flashback ends with Jonas mounted up and on his way out of town. Jessie pleads with Jonas to stay, but he demurs and the scene ends with her standing in the street as she watches him ride off. The film ends with the bartender showing off the pistol Jonas left behind. He and the census taker wonder if Jessie left with Jonas. The bartender wants to believe she did, but the census taker says she probably didn't, echoing the film's song, says You can never go home again.
The Rage: Carrie 2	American	horror	Katt Shea	Barbara Lang paints a barrier around her living room to protect her telekinetic daughter, Rachel, from the devil. Barbara is soon institutionalized for schizophrenia. Years later Rachel, living with foster parents, talks with her best friend Lisa, who has lost her virginity to Eric, a football player. The football players have a game where they sleep with girls and receive points, revealing Eric never cared for Lisa. After Eric rejects her, Lisa commits suicide. Her death ignites Rachel's dormant and latent telekinetic powers. Rachel discovers a photo of Lisa and Eric. She tells school guidance counselor Sue Snell and Sheriff Kelton that Lisa and Eric slept together. Kelton looks into charging Eric with statutory rape. Walter, Rachel's Basset Hound dog, is struck by a car, but Rachel flags down Jesse as he drives past. After taking Walter to an animal hospital, they get coffee. Learning that Rachel gave Kelton the photograph, Eric, Mark, and several other football players attempt to intimidate her into not talking. They become victims of her powers and flee when her foster parents arrive. Sue Snell meets with Rachel. When Sue learns that Rachel is telekinetic, she brings Rachel to the site of the original high school. She tells Rachel about Carrie White, and the malicious prank that was pulled on her on prom night that caused her to snap and cause the school to burn down, along with over 70 people killed. Rachel does not believe her when Sue tells her that she and Carrie White are half-sisters from the same father, Ralph White. Jesse pursues Rachel, angering popular cheerleader Tracy. Jesse convinces Rachel he was unaware of their attack, and Rachel agrees to date him. The Senior D.A. covers up the statutory rape because of the political influence of the families of the players. Encouraged, Mark plots to humiliate Rachel for what she did to Eric. He apologizes to Jesse and offers his parents' cabin so Jesse can spend the night with Rachel. The two share a romantic evening, and Rachel loses her virginity, both unaware that a hidden video camera is filming them. After a football game, one of the players, Brad, and his girlfriend Monica invite Rachel to a party at Mark's. She leaves with Monica, while Jesse is sidetracked by Tracy, who attempts to seduce him. Rachel is with Jesse's friends when the football players reveal their sex game and claim that Rachel was added to Jesse's list, making Rachel believe Jesse never cared for her. They also play the videotape and abuse her. As it triggers Rachel's telekinesis, she closes the doors and kills most of the party-goers, including Deborah and Chuck. Sue takes Barbara from the mental hospital and goes to Mark's house. As Sue peers in the door, Rachel kills both Sue (unknowingly) and Brad. Rachel later kills Monica and Eric when they try to stop her with spear guns. While distracted by her mother's voice, Mark, in an attempt to stop her, shoots Rachel with a flare gun as she falls into a pool, causing a sensor to extend the cover. When Mark makes the mistake of checking the pool, the injured Rachel pulls Mark into the pool, and, with the cover fully extended, uses his spear gun to free herself while he drowns. When Barbara sees Rachel's current state, she believes Rachel is possessed and flees. Rachel prays for help to die. Jesse and Tracy find the house in flames and their friends dead. When Rachel sees Tracy, she kills her without hesitation. The videotape of Rachel and Jesse is still playing; when he sees it Jesse tells her he did not know they were taped. Rachel calls him a liar as a notebook hits him, opening to the score page. Jesse says he loves her, but she does not believe him until she hears him say it on the videotape, realizing he told the truth. When the ceiling collapses over Jesse's head, Rachel pushes him out of the way and is pinned. She tells him she loves him, and they kiss. Rachel pushes him out of the house before allowing herself to be consumed by the flames. A year later, Jesse is at King's University, sharing his room with Rachel's beloved dog, Walter. Jesse dreams Rachel approaches him in his room. When he walks towards her, she shatters into pieces.
Siddu from Sikakulam	Telugu	romance	Eashwar	Siddhu (Allari Naresh) is a young man who hails from Srikakulam, Andhra Pradesh. To pursue his education he joins a college in Visakhapatnam. There he meets and eventually falls in love with a girl called Sailaja (Manjari Phadnis). After a couple of encounters between the two, Siddhu reveals his love to Sailaja and she too accepts his love. A few days after the incident, the college declares vacations. On the last of the college, Sailaja reveals that her father Obul Reddy (Jaya Prakash Reddy), a big time factionist has settled her marriage with Bhuma Reddy's (Vijayaranga Raju) brother. On learning about Obul Reddy, Siddhu tells Sailaja that it would be better to break up than continue their love as he doesn't want to lose his life over love. He thinks everything practically and reveals his decision. However, Sailaja agrees to separate from him on one condition that Siddhu should come to her marriage and stay with her till the tying of knot by the bridegroom, that too with a smiling face. Siddhu accepts her condition and reaches her village. He withstands his emotions and the teasing of Sailaja. At one stage, Siddhu also tries to tease Sailaja by becoming intimate with her cousin Nisha (Shraddha Das). However, eventually he tells everyone that he loves Sailaja and can not live without her. He finally understands that love is greater than life and he is ready to sacrifice his life for the sake of love. At the same time, using his intelligence he creates a situation where Sailaja's father himself comes to Siddhu and asks him to marry his daughter. Siddhu marries Sailaja with the acceptance of everyone in her family.
The Virgin and the Gypsy	British	drama	Christopher Miles	Based on a 1926 work by D.H. Lawrence, the film follows two sisters, Lucille and Yvette, who come to the English countryside for a vacation. Along the way, Yvette is interested in a gypsy who lives not far from her family's home. Slowly, Yvette becomes attracted to the gypsy, leading her to consider whether she wants to have a mundane life or a romance with someone her family may not accept.
Radio Inside	American	drama	Jeffrey Bell	Having graduated from college, Matthew Anderson travels to Florida to spend some time with his older brother while deciding what career to pursue. He is not motivated by money or desire for worldly success; he spends a great deal of time observing marine creatures at the local marine life observation station, and successfully defends his right (against the landlady) to have a small aquarium in the rented apartment. He also earns a significant paycheck by writing radio advertisements, but that sort of work repels him. Urged by his brother to get a job, he becomes a lifeguard at the municipal swimming pool. In flashback scenes the audience learns that the boys used to spend pleasant summers at a Wisconsin lake with their family, often swimming across the lake for sport. The final such summer ended in tragedy - Michael had been busy with his career by then and was not at the lake; Matthew and his father began swimming across the lake but the father suffered cramps midway and drowned despite Matthew's frantic efforts to save him. Much of the film is devoted to Matthew's inner thoughts, including his conversations and visits with Jesus. Matthew tells us at the film's beginning that his stream-of-consciousness thoughts are like having a radio inside, with the dial being constantly tuned across the spectrum of available stations. Michael is dating a girl, Natalie, and is considering asking her hand in marriage. However, he is often insensitive to her emotional needs, a fact which his younger brother recognizes and tries to help with. Matthew then becomes emotionally attached to Natalie, but finally realizes that in order to keep his brother, he must give Natalie up, much as he gave up his father. The heaviness of this realization drives him to a suicide attempt. He concludes that God wants people to give everything to God, at least everything they value dearly.
The Cimarron Kid	American	western	Budd Boetticher	Bill Doolan (Audie Murphy) is released from jail and is going home on the train when it is held up by his boyhood friends, the Dalton Gang. Doolin finds himself accused of helping the crime and winds up an outlaw.
Voyage of the Damned	British	drama	Stuart Rosenberg	Based on historic events, this dramatic film concerns the 1939 voyage of the MS St. Louis, which departed from Hamburg carrying 937 Jews from Germany, ostensibly bound for Havana, Cuba. The passengers, having seen and suffered rising anti-Semitism in Germany, realised this might be their only chance to escape. The film details the emotional journey of the passengers, who gradually become aware that their passage was planned as an exercise in propaganda, and that it had never been intended that they disembark in Cuba. Rather, they were to be set up as pariahs, to set an example before the world. As a Nazi official states in the film, when the whole world has refused to accept the Jews as refugees, no country can blame Germany for their fate. The Cuban government refuses entry to the passengers, and the liner heads to the United States. As it waits off the Florida coast, the passengers learn that the United States also has rejected them, leaving the captain no choice but to return to Europe. The captain tells a confidante that he has received a letter signed by 200 passengers saying they will join hands and jump into the sea rather than return to Germany. He states his intention to run the liner aground on a reef off the southern coast of England, to allow the passengers to be rescued and reach safety there. Shortly before the film's end, it is revealed that the governments of Belgium, France, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom have each agreed to accept a share of the passengers as refugees. As they cheer and clap at the news, footnotes disclose the fates of some of the main characters, suggesting that more than 600 of the 937 passengers, who did not resettle in the United Kingdom but in the other European nations, ultimately were deported and died in Nazi concentration camps.
Old Mother Riley's Ghosts	British	comedy	John Baxter	Old Mother Riley inherits a Scottish property, believing it, at first, to be a pub, and makes the journey up north with her daughter, Kitty. They are surprised to find themselves in possession of a haunted castle, though it turns out the ghouls and ghosties are not what they seem. They are in fact an ingenious front for an espionage ring anxious to get their hands on an inventor's plans, and trying to scare intruders away. After vigorous attempts to scare Mother Riley out of her wits, the Irish washerwoman ends up turning the tables on the spies, and terrifing them in return.[2][3]
Ten Wanted Men	American	western	H. Bruce Humberstone	Adam Stewart (Lester Matthews), a lawyer heading west with grown son Howie (Skip Homeier), is persuaded by brother John Stewart (Randolph Scott) to settle down near him in Ocatilla, Arizona, where he has a ranch and romantic interest in a widow, Corinne Michaels (Jocelyn Brando). The menacing rancher Wick Campbell (Richard Boone) has an attractive ward, Maria Segura (Donna Martell), and also lusts for her, but she wants no part of that. Her interest in Howie strikes a jealous chord in Campbell, who hires gunfighters led by Frank Scavo (Leo Gordon) to rid the region of the meddlesome Stewarts once and for all. Campbell's thugs kill a rancher and stampede cattle. One picks a fight with Howie, who surprisingly beats him to the draw in self-defense, only to be locked up by Sheriff Gibbons (Dennis Weaver), falsely accused of murder. Howie busts out and flees with Maria. Adam is killed in cold blood by Campbell, for which Howie blames himself while promising to get even. During a gun battle, the cowardly Campbell uses the sheriff's wife as a hostage. Scavo kills him, intending to take over the territory himself. With assistance from the sheriff, John and Howie take on Scavo's men and prevail. The town has law and order at last, while the Stewarts celebrate a double wedding.
Don't Go Breaking My Heart	Hong Kong	romance	Johnnie To Wai Ka-Fai	Chi-yan (Gao Yuanyuan) is an analyst who just broke up with her boyfriend (Terence Yin) as he was having a baby with another woman (Selena Li). Sean (Louis Koo), a CEO of a broker firm, knows Chi-yan as her office is just opposite of his. He liked Chi-yan, and starts to take action when he sees what happened in the bus between Chi-yan, her ex, and his current wife. Kevin (Daniel Wu), an architect and an alcoholic, helped Chi-yan out when she was heartbroken about her ex. With Chi Yan's support Kevin decides to pick up designing again, and arrange meet up with her again a week later. Chi-yan forgets about it when she starts flirting with Sean. She and Sean arrange to meet on the night Chi-yan is supposed to meet Kevin. Sean goes to clear up a misunderstanding with a woman named Angelina, which leads to a one-night stand. Chi-yan is left waiting for Sean and Kevin is waiting for Chi-yan. When Chi-yan find out what Sean did she ends their relationship. Sean later leaves his office when the economy crisis causes his company to lose a large sum of money and goes to the US. Three years later, Sean comes back into Chi-yan's life as her new boss. He tries to win her heart again, but she is put off because he is easily seduced by women. When Chi-yan is becoming disappointed Sean, Kevin also comes back into her life. After their last meeting, he successfully started an architecture firm and moves to where Sean's old office was located. Both guys court her and she must choose between the aggressive flower-hearted Sean or the sincere Kevin.
Mahou Sensei Negima! Anime Final	Japanese	animation	Unknown	While looking for clues about his missing father Nagi, Negi Springfield becomes the English and homeroom teacher for Mahora Academy Class 2A (later 3A). Negi soon becomes acquainted with most of his new students including his roommates Asuna Kagurazaka and Konoka Konoe. Negi faces his first real challenge in his student Evangeline A.K. McDowell who is an immortal vampiress and one of his father's enemies. To help Negi confront Eva, Asuna agrees to become his temporary partner by performing a Pactio, a kind of magical contract sealed with a kiss. After dealing with Evangeline, Negi takes the class on a trip to Kyoto while searching for more information on his father's whereabouts but is forced to fight against Eastern mages aiming to kidnap Konoka with the help of other students who also become his partners including Nodoka Miyazaki, Konoka's childhood friend Setsuna Sakurazaki, and lastly with Konoka herself. The arc also introduces Fate Averruncus, another mage who looks to be around Negi's age but proves himself to be far stronger than him. Seeing his own weakness after the events in Kyoto, Negi begins to train with several students in order to become stronger while Kotaro Inugami, one of the foes he confronted there unexpectedly reappears and finds himself a family with Negi's students Natsumi and Chizuru. Kotaro also joins Negi against Wilheim, an old evil from the past who like Fate Averruncus, seems to be a pawn of an even stronger enemy. During Mahora's cultural festival, Negi manages to partake in simultaneous events thanks to his student Chao Lingshen's latest invention, the time machine Casseopeia. One of these events is the Mahora Martial Arts Tournament where he confronts a series of increasingly stronger enemies including a former member of Ala Rubra (Crimson Wing), a legendary brigade led by his father. After the tournament, Negi takes part in more activities at the festival until Chao she reveals herself as a time-traveler who claims she must change the present to avert a great catastrophe in the future. Despite that, Negi and his allies confront Chao and stop her. After giving, Chao bids farewell before returning to her own time. After the festival, Negi decides to go to the Mundus Magicus (Magic World) to look for his father. His partners decide to accompany him and together they form their own brigade, the Ala Alba (White Wing). They are joined by Negi's childhood friend Anya and accidentally by other students who are oblivious to his secret. As they arrive, the team is ambushed by a group of mysterious enemies led by Fate Averruncus, leaving Negi and his group defeated and scattered across Mundus Magicus. After meeting Jack Rakan, another member of Ala Rubra, Negi decides to train in order to become stronger and specializes in Dark Magic, like Evangeline. Meanwhile, Negi's lost companions start to learn the ropes of their new environment and eventually reunite with him. During another clash with Fate and his companions, Asuna is captured by the enemy and held captive along with Anya, with a body double posing as the real Asuna. Later Negi has an encounter with Kurt Gödel, a former member of Ala Rubra who reveals to him the story of his parents including how his mother was unjustly tried and sentenced to death before being saved by Nagi at the brink of her execution. He also learns that the Magic World is actually a magically created, inhabitable version of Mars, and just like the world itself, the majority of its inhabitants are created by magic. During another clash with Fate, Negi also learns that the main objective of his group Cosmo Entelecheia is to make use of Asuna's secret powers to erase the magically created inhabitants of Mundus Magicus and transfer the rest of its population to Earth before it eventually collapses. By joining forces with the various armies of the Magic World, the members of Ala Alba storm Cosmo Entelecheia's stronghold where Asuna and Anya are being held captive, to stop their plans. During the confrontation a magic gate is opened to Earth just above Mahora, having Negi's remaining students who stayed behind along with the Academy's faculty members joining the fight. After rescuing Asuna and convincing Fate to accept a plan to save the people of the Magic World without the need of any sacrifices, Negi discovers that the true leader of Cosmo Entelecheia is none other than his father Nagi, possessed by the Mage of the Beginning, who vanishes after asking his son to look for him and release him once and for all. After being celebrated as heroes for stopping Cosmo Entelecheia, Negi and his friends return to the Academy, but instead of resuming his duties as a teacher, Negi leaves Fate as his substitute and with the help of some of his students he starts working on his plan to terraform Mars for the people of the decaying Magic World to relocate there. The plan involves sealing Asuna's body for one hundred years, and she bids farewell to Negi and the other students after she graduates from middle school. Waking up 30 years after the estimated time, Asuna finds that Negi's plan was a success and that Negi and all her classmates had happy and bountiful lives, but had long since died, all except for the immortal Evangeline, and Chao who exists in this time and has since invented a device to jump between realities. These two appear before Asuna to take her back to the present so she can live out her days with Negi and the others. Negima! was involved in a controversy surrounding the censorship of the English-translated manga in North America, typical of Akamatsu's penchant for fanservice and risqué humor. Fans fell upon initial rumors of potential edits by Del Rey, and upon receiving news of this, immediately began fighting against the changes. The compromise reached was to release the book uncensored but shrink-wrapped, which some collectors feel can cause damage to the books.[12] Since Volume 13, the books have been released without the shrink-wrap. Del Rey's releases contained fully translated versions of the omake(s) found in the Japanese versions (which include character sketches, fan art, and information about spells and related concepts), as well as various notes about Japanese culture and other things of interest not found in the original omake(s). In 2010, all Kodansha manga licensed in the U.S. was transferred from Del Rey to the new Kodansha Comics imprint, under Random House publishing. It was announced that they would decide which series to continue translating on a title-by-title basis. On December 10, 2010, it was announced that Negima! would continue English releases starting in May 2011. Also, Kodansha Comics has started publishing Negima! Omnibus Edition with Volume 1 in June 2011.[13]
Aparajita Tumi	Bengali	drama	Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury	Pradip and Kuhu, an NRI couple with two children, start having problems because of Kuhu's straightforward nature and blatant comments which end up hurting people. Ushoshi and Ronojoy are another couple. While Ronojoy seems to be a cynical workaholic who is not bothered about the voids in his life, Ushoshi is extremely sensitive about things like their childlessness. As Kuhu repeatedly hurts the insecure Ushoshi, Pradip finds himself empathizing with her, and they eventually end up having an affair. Kuhu moves out with her children, whom she temporarily places in the care of her parents, while she takes time to think about her next step. Meanwhile, she has a brief encounter with ex-boyfriend Yusuf, which brings back nostalgic old memories, pain and loneliness. While Yusuf is clearly interested in a relationship, Kuhu is cold and distant, which finally drives him away. Meanwhile, Pradip suffers from splitting headaches, and it is soon discovered that he has cancer. As he battles the disease, Kuhu finally comes back, perhaps forgiving him. Ushoshi's husband comes to know about her affair with Pradip, and profoundly eccentric and cynical as he is, he sets her free to choose what she wants to do next without complaint. Ushoshi comes to visit Pradip, and Kuhu behaves quite normally with her, attempting to brush aside any bitterness. Ushoshi says that she has decided to return to India, and leaves without saying goodbye to Pradip. In the end, Kuhu is seen alone on a beach, clutching a book of poems (সুধীন্দ্রনাথ দত্তের শ্রেষ্ঠ কবিতা) Yusuf had presented her, and along with that, she holds a letter he had left her, mentioning how he was going away, not willing to disturb her anymore.
Unfriended	American	horror	Levan Gabriadze	The story is told through Blaire's laptop screen. A year ago, high school student Laura Barns commits suicide after an anonymous user uploads a viral video of her passing out and defecating herself at an unsupervised party. On her death anniversary one year later, her former childhood best friend Blaire Lily is chatting with her boyfriend Mitch Roussel on Skype, during which they agree to lose their virginities to each other on prom night. Soon after, they are joined by their friends/classmates Jess Felton, Ken Smith, and Adam Sewell and an unknown user named billie227, which they dismiss as a glitch after several unsuccessful attempts to disconnect it. After Mitch and Blaire receive messages from Laura's Facebook account and discovers billie227 is Laura's Skype account, the entire group suspects their classmate Val Rommel is pranking them. After they invite Val to their chat, Jess's Facebook page is updated with racy photos of Val at a party. Jess denies uploading the photos and deletes them from her account, but the pictures reappear on Adam's account. billie227 starts chatting with them and sends Val a message. Val reacts negatively, calls the police, and signs off. They each receive a link of an Instagram post showing a photo of Val and Laura's messages, with Val telling Laura to kill herself. billie227 says they all have dark secrets, sending each of them an email that leaves them unnerved; Blaire receives photos of her and Adam's affair. Val is suddenly brought back into the chat, sitting still next to a bottle of bleach before collapsing. From the police's arrival and voice, they deduce that Val died from a presumed suicide. Ken uses a program to remove billie227 from the chat, but after they attempt to call the police, the police on the other end implies she is billie227 and re-enters the chat, revealing a camera view which appears to come from the other side of his room. He approaches the camera source, but his Skype is disconnected and reconnects showing him shredding his hand inside an active blender before using the blades to claw out his throat; killing himself in the process. billie227 forces the remaining four to play a game of Never Have I Ever, stating that the loser will die. They are forced to reveal hurtful secrets which reveal their backstabbing against each other. Mitch and a drunken Adam argue despite Blaire's pleas for them to calm down, and Adam uses the game to force Blaire to reveal that she is no longer a virgin, having slept with him behind Mitch's back, with billie227 uploading a YouTube video of their tryst. Blaire and Adam receive messages sent to their printers which they refuse to show to Mitch and Jess. Mitch threatens to leave if Blaire does not show the note; billie227 warns that Mitch will die if he signs off. In a moment of panic, Blaire shows her paper: If you reveal this note, Adam will die. Adam shoots himself, revealing the same note except it was for Blaire. When Blaire convinces Jess not to continue playing, billie227 cuts the lights in Jess's house and disconnects her video feed. Blaire looks for help on Chatroulette and has a stranger send police to Jess' house. Soon after, Blaire receives a video of Jess with a curling iron forced down her throat. billie227, now revealed to be Laura herself, messages Blaire and Mitch, wanting them to confess who uploaded the video in the first place. Blaire considers denying involvement, but eventually tells her that Mitch was the one who posted it; Mitch grabs a knife and stabs himself in the eye. Laura starts a countdown timer and Blaire desperately tries to stop her, reminding her of their closeness when they were just kids until they drifted apart for unknown reasons. Laura tells her they didn't drift apart and uploads a video which reveals Blaire recorded the defecation video. Blaire's Facebook friends turn against her. Laura says what Blaire has done will live online forever and wishes she could forgive her, before signing off Skype. Blaire's bedroom door creaks open and a pair of hands slam her laptop shut. As Blaire whispers Laura in fear, a spirit violently lunges at her as the screen cuts to black.
Welcome to Woop Woop	Australian	comedy	Stephan Elliott	Teddy (Johnathon Schaech) is a New York bird smuggler who goes to Australia to replace a flock of escaped birds after a deal goes awry. While there, he has a wild liaison with a quirky, sexually ravenous girl, Angie (Susie Porter), who after a brief courtship knocks him unconscious and kidnaps him. When he awakes he finds himself married to her - not legally - and stranded in Woop Woop, a desolate, dilapidated town hidden within a crater-like rock formation in Aboriginal territory. The residents are people who lived there at an asbestos mining camp before the land was handed over to the Aborigines; following a tragedy in 1979, Woop Woop was abandoned and literally erased from the Australian map. Not content with the deal given to them by the mining company (from Fremantle), they opted to return to their old lives in Woop Woop. At first they repopulated themselves incestuously, which caused wide mental instability. A rule was then enacted (Rule #3) which bans residents from sleeping with their relatives. Since then, outsiders like Teddy have been occasionally kidnapped to keep Woop Woop populated. Their only export is dog food made from road-killed kangaroos. The town is run by Angie's father, Daddy-O (Rod Taylor), in an authoritarian manner that he disguises as communal (he and the other town elders keep the best luxuries for themselves in secret while doling out only the usual canned pineapple and sub-par tobacco to the others). The only entertainment available to the residents are old Rodgers & Hammerstein films and soundtracks, the latter of which they play constantly. These are presumably left over from the town's last official contact with the civilised world. After witnessing another kidnapping, 'Midget' the local hairdresser, gets shot to death by Daddy-O during an attempted escape, Teddy soon realizes he will be trapped in Woop Woop for life unless he finds a way out for himself. Initially, he repairs his VW van which had been vandalized by the locals, only to have it vandalised again by Daddy-O. The Australian Cattle Dog that he adopts is shot as part of 'Dog Day.' He befriends a couple of locals, including the scruffy, affable Duffy, and Krystal, Angie's sister, who help him to confront Daddy-O's iron-fisted reign, and to arrange an escape plan. Duffy, reprimanded by Daddy-O for breaking 'Rule #3,' nonetheless elects to stay in Woop Woop, while Teddy, Krystal, and Krystal's pet cockatoo escape.
Talk Radio	American	drama	Oliver Stone	Barry Champlain, a Jewish radio personality in Dallas, Texas, is a host with a caustic sense of humor and a knack for condescending his audience with his controversial politically left-wing views. Champlain's radio show is about to go nationwide. A former suit salesman, he achieves his rise to fame through guest shots on the Jeff Fisher radio show. Barry begins to steal the show with his acerbic sense of humor and sharp wit, which aggravates Fisher. Barry is subsequently given his own show which rises to the top of the Arbitron radio ratings. Barry receives calls from people who appreciate him for what he does and how he does it as well as people who seem to hate him. Attacking everyone from gays to drug addicts to rednecks to African Americans, he has a substantial number of hostile callers, from people who take offense to his attitude to radical right wingers to hate groups phoning in to harass and intimidate him. He receives threatening fan mail when one caller makes a bomb threat. His rise to fame is accompanied not only with attention from radical far-right elements, but also with the alienation of his wife. As his show is going through a final audition to go into national syndication, Barry grows increasingly isolated and asks his ex-wife Ellen to come and visit him, saying he needs her input and that she's the only person he trusts. They attempt a return to their relationship. Using a fake name and calling from the radio studio, Ellen talks to Barry on the air—the only place he seems to relate to people openly—in an attempt to reach him, to bring him back from the depression he seems to be suffering from. She begs for him to come back, but Barry refuses, bitterly attacking her as the radio production staff, all friends of Ellen, watch in horror; Ellen walks away. Barry confesses his true intentions, admitting he cares more for personal gain than the societal ills he addresses and refusing to apologize for his hypocrisy. He shouts that the American people scare him because of what has happened to his friends, family, and co-workers. He berates his callers that they have nothing worth saying, and that they tolerate his abuse and return for more. He screams at them to go away, seemingly unaware of the obvious fact that he attracts his own listeners and most of the ire he receives. In the end he realizes he has made his own bed and is as stuck with them as they are with him. Despite Barry's meltdown, his co-workers tell him it's now the highest rated segment in the show's history and his boss adds that the show is going to go national. While walking to his car, an apparent fan asks for his autograph. As Barry signs it, the fan pulls out a gun and shoots him several times, killing him. As the film ends, callers to Barry's show, then his co-workers and Ellen, speak on air about him. They say that Barry was a talented, smart and funny man, but maybe he finally pushed someone too far.
The Dentist	American	horror	Brian Yuzna	Dr. Alan Feinstone is a successful dentist. However, everything changes on the day of his wedding anniversary, when he discovers his wife Brooke is cheating on him with the poolman, Matt. After they finish, Alan retrieves his pistol and follows Matt in his car. He is led to Paula Roberts's house, a friend of Brooke's. Alan invents a story about a surprise party for Brooke and watches Paula invite Matt inside. Paula's dog attacks Alan, and he shoots it in self-defense. After returning to his car, he drives to work. At his dental practice, Alan's first appointment goes poorly when he hallucinates a child has rotten teeth and accidentally stabs him. As Detective Gibbs investigates the death of Paula's dog, Alan sees his second patient, April Reign, a beauty queen. Alan hallucinates she is his wife, and, while she is unconscious, takes off her pantyhose and fondles her before choking her. As she wakes, Alan snaps out of it and hides her pantyhose. Alan tells his manager, Steve Landers, she is still dizzy from nitrous oxide. When Steve realizes what really happened, he returns, punches Alan, and threatens a lawsuit. Alan ends the day early and sends his staff and patients home, including Sarah, a teenager who wants to have her braces removed. Later that night, Brooke meets Alan at a new opera-themed room at his practice. After sedating her under the premise of cleaning her teeth, he pulls out her teeth and cuts off her tongue. Detective Gibbs and his partner Detective Sunshine arrive at Alan's house the next morning to ask him questions. After the policemen leave, Matt discovers Brooke, who is still alive but sedated. Alan stabs Matt to death. Sarah and Paula are waiting for Alan at his practice. Alan sees Paula first, much to Sarah's disappointment. When Paula's conversation turns to how good a job Matt does for her, Alan overly-aggressively drills into her tooth, destroying it. His assistant, Jessica, questions what he is doing, and he snaps out of it. Alan asks Jessica to finish for him, but after he discovers she has sent Paula home, he fires Jessica. When she pulls out April's pantyhose and threatens to expose him, Alan kills her. At the police station, Detective Sunshine discovers that the bullet pulled from Paula's dog's only matches one gun in the area: Alan's. IRS agent Marvin Goldblum, using Alan's tax problems as leverage, extorts a free dental exam and a payout. Instead, Alan tortures him. Detective Sunshine and Detective Gibbs drive to the Feinstone house to question him further. Near the pool, they discover Matt's body. They quickly break into the house and find the mutilated Brooke, tied to the bed but still alive. Later, Alan's other dental assistant, Karen, finds Marvin still in the dental chair. Alan attacks her, then kills her by injecting a needle full of air into her jugular vein. After Alan removes Sarah's braces, he imagines her teeth rotting. He pulls his gun, but she escapes and hides in one of the dental rooms, where she finds the blood-soaked Marvin, who attacks Alan. When Alan recaptures her, Sarah hysterically promises to brush her teeth three times a day and to never eat candy. Satisfied, Alan leaves. The two detectives arrive and rescue Sarah, but are too late to capture Alan. They follow Alan to a university, where he teaches dentistry classes. There, Alan maniacally instructs all of his students to pull all of the teeth out of all their patients. As he hallucinates and shoots a dental student that he mistakes for Matt, the detectives burst into the room, but Alan uses a hostage to escape. Eventually, he wanders into an auditorium where an opera singer is practicing. Enchanted, he watches her from behind. When he reaches out to touch her, she transforms into Brooke, who laughs at him. Defeated, he falls to his knees and is arrested by the detectives. Alan, now in a psychiatric hospital, is carted off to his regular dental appointment. The dentist working on him is revealed to be his toothless wife Brooke, who works violently on his mouth.
The Road Home	Chinese	romance	Zhang Yimou	The Road Home is the story of a country girl and a young teacher falling in love, and the teacher's death many years later that brings their son back from the big city for the funeral. The film begins in black and white in present-day China when the son (Sun Honglei) returns to his village from the city upon hearing of his father's death. His mother, Zhao Di (Zhao Yulian), insists upon following the tradition of carrying the coffin back to their remote village by foot so that her husband's spirit will remember its way home. As the narrator, the son recounts the story of his parents' courtship, so famous that it has gained the status of a legend in the village. It is here the bleak black and white turns into vivid colors as the story shifts to the past. His father, Luo Changyu (Zheng Hao), came to the village as the teacher. Immediately, Zhao Di (Zhang Ziyi) became infatuated with him and he with her. Thus began a courtship which consisted mostly of the exchange of looks and glances between the two. Unfortunately, the courtship was interrupted when Luo was summoned by the government to return to the city. (Several reviewers have speculated that the flashback portion of the film is set during the Anti-Rightist Campaign and that Luo's recall was for investigation and questioning.[2][3][4]) Zhao Di's heart was broken; she insisted on waiting for him in the snow and fell so ill that the villagers thought she would die. However, upon hearing news of her illness, the teacher was able to sneak back to the village and Zhao Di, in tears, welcomed the sight of her beloved. Still, their love would not be consummated for a few years more because the teacher was kept away from the village as punishment for having left his assignment in the city without permission. Returning to the present day, and black and white, the son realizes how important this ritual of carrying the coffin back to village is to his mother, Zhao Di, and he agrees to make all necessary arrangements to fulfill her wish. He is told by the mayor of the village that it might be difficult to find enough porters to carry the father home, as there are few young able men left in the village. The mayor and the son reach an agreement on the price to be paid to the porters. But when the procession sets out, more than 100 people show up to help carry home the casket of the man who was their teacher through various generations in the village. The mayor returns the money to the son, as no one will accept payment for doing what they consider to be an honor rather than a task. On the morning of the day the son leaves to return to his job in the city, he fulfills his father's dream and teaches a class in the old schoolhouse that was central to his parents having fallen in love, using the textbook his father had written himself.
Ride, Vaquero!	American	western	John Farrow	Mexican bandit Jose Esqueda resents settlers in the Brownsville, Texas region, and conducts raids against them. He threatens to burn down homes, including the ranch house King Cameron has just built for his wife Cordelia. Rio, raised like a brother to Esqueda, joins forces with him at first. But in time he forms a partnership with Cameron instead, and even saves his life, although Cordelia continues not to trust him. Complications arise when Cordelia's distrust turns to desire. Cameron must save both his property and his marriage after Esqueda goes on a rampage, robbing Brownsville's bank and killing the sheriff. Shot several times by Esqueda and close to death, Cameron is once again saved by Rio, who confronts Esqueda in a final gunfight. Cameron forgives Cordelia for her feelings toward Rio.
Four Sided Triangle	British	sci-fi	Terence Fisher	Dr. Harvey, a rural physician, breaks the fourth wall to relate an unusual occurrence that happened in his village. The bulk of the story is told in flashback. Bill and Robin are boyhood friends who compete for the affections of Lena, a beautiful girl about their own age. Lena's family moves away, and in adulthood the two men become scientists. They collaborate on the Reproducer, a machine that can exactly duplicate physical objects. Lena returns to the village, and Bill and Robin's forgotten childhood feelings return. In time, they abandon their work on the Reproducer, and Robin leaves the village to learn his family's business. Bill is disappointed to discover that Lena loves Robin and intends to marry him. Hopeless that he can win Lena's affections, Bill convinces her to allow him to use the Reproducer to create a duplicate of her. The experiment succeeds, and Bill names the duplicate Helen. Because Helen is an exact copy, when she is introduced to Robin she also falls in love with him. Bill believes that electro-shock therapy can be used to erase Helen's knowledge of Robin. Not wishing to compete with Lena for Robin's affections, Helen agrees to the therapy. Bill convinces Lena to help him with the procedure. The process proceeds as planned, but the apparatus overheats, explodes and causes a terrific fire. Robin and Dr. Harvey arrive in time to rescue a woman from the fire. Bill and the other woman perish in the flames. Harvey, having been briefed on the situation by Robin, discovers that the woman has amnesia. The two men wonder whom they have saved. Dr. Harvey recalls that Bill had had to start Helen's heart with a device that he attached to the back of her neck, leaving two scars. Robin is relieved to find that there are no marks on the neck of the woman they rescued: It is Lena.
Man in the Wilderness	American	western	Richard C. Sarafian	A classic survival story, told partly through flashbacks to Zachary Bass's past. After being left for dead by his fellow trappers, he undergoes a series of trials and adventures as he slowly heals and equips himself while he tracks the expedition, apparently intent on retribution for his abandonment, while earning the respect of the Indians he encounters. However, when he finally confronts his fellow trappers and Captain Henry, he chooses not to seek revenge, but instead to focus on returning to his infant son.
The Shaggy Dog	American	comedy	Brian Robbins	Dave Douglas (Tim Allen) is a deputy district attorney in Los Angeles County who is prosecuting social studies teacher and activist Justin Forrester (Joshua Leonard) for firebombing the pharmaceutical corporation Grant and Strictland. Forrester denies this, but claims that Grant and Strictland have been engaging in illegal animal experimentation. This distances Douglas from his daughter Carly (Zena Grey), one of Forrester's students. As Dave is also a workaholic, his relationship with his wife, Rebecca, and son, Josh, are also strained, although Dave and Rebecca's marriage were already on the rocks, as Dave committed adultery merely only six months prior to the prosecution. The greedy geneticists working for Mr. Lance Strictland (Philip Baker Hall), led by Dr. Kozak (Robert Downey, Jr.), have stolen a 300-year-old sacred dog named Khyi Yang Po (a Bearded Collie) from a Tibetan monastery. The scientists determine that Khyi Yang Po's genetic sequence, when isolated and put into a vaccination, invades and alters the cells and DNA of a victim. They continue their experiments in hopes of uncovering the genetic component that allows Khyi Yang Po such a long life, potentially immortality. Khyi Yang Po escapes the lab and is picked up by Carly, who was protesting with her friends and classmates outside Grant and Strictland. Carly brings Khyi Yang Po home. When Dave returns from work, he takes Khyi Yang Po out in the garage, then the dog runs to get the newspaper. Khyi Yang Po gives him his newspaper, and Dave reaches for it, only to be bitten on the hand by Khyi Yang Po. Khyi Yang Po's saliva infects Dave. Over the next few days, Dave realizes that he uncontrollably transforms into a sheep dog exactly like Khyi Yang Po when prompted by distractions and activities typical of a dog, such as a stick thrown through the air. These transformations can be reversed by sleeping, but Dave's human absence from his family further strains his relationships. During this time, his family, unaware of Dave's condition, continue housing Dave as a dog, thinking it's Khyi Yang Po. Dave slowly learns just how little he understands his kids and wife and resolves to make amends. In the ongoing trial, Forrester testifies seeing the animals behaving like dogs and the presence of a bearded collie he identifies as a giant sheepdog, which sparks Dave's suspicions about Grant and Strictland. When his dog-like behavior annoys the judge, Dave is removed from the case. Seeking answers to his transformation, Dave heads to Grant and Strictland. He has a janitor help him transform so that he may sneak in through a vent. Hidden in the laboratory, Dave witnesses Dr. Kozak injecting company president Lance Strictland with a drug that will paralyze him for several months, giving Kozak enough time to usurp control of the company. After viewing security cameras, Kozak and his minions realize that Dave is capable of transforming into a copy of Khyi Yang Po. When Dave comes home, still in his canine form, he overhears a conversation between Carly and Josh that he and Rebecca may be splitting up. After hearing this, Dave then knocks over a Scrabble game and uses the letters to reveal his identity to his kids. But when Dave gets out of the house, he is captured by Kozak's minions. His kids attempt to save him, but end up picking up the real Khyi Yang Po instead and rush to their mom at work to report recent events. Dave is taken to the lab to be euthanized, but Kozak has a court summons, and must deal with Dave later. Right before he exits, Kozak mocks Dave in canine form and Dave bites him in response. The other mutated animals in the lab tell Dave to meditate to reverse his transformation. Dave succeeds in returning to human form, and is able to escape with all of the other animals. He drives to the courthouse and calls his wife to ready a change of clothes for him at the courthouse, but is forced to abandon the car with the animals when they get stuck in traffic. Dave runs on all fours to trigger his transformation to get to the courthouse in time. At the courthouse entrance, his attempts to tell his wife that he loves her allows him to transform back. In the courtroom, Dave calls Kozak back to the stand and tries to get him to admit what he has done, but Kozak manages to hide his secret. Thinking quickly, he mocks Kozak by implying he was working under Strictland's shadow, and angers him. The two begin growling at each another, and the judge, exasperated by Dave's canine behavior, orders the bailiff to remove him. Dave grabs the baliff's baton and tells Kozak to fetch, triggering a partial transformation in him and thus implicating him of illegal and unethical experimentation. The pharmaceutical company is returned to Strictland, the mutant animals enter protective custody, and Dave finally makes amends with his family. The movie ends with the family vacationing in Hawaii with Khyi Yang Po. Josh tells his dad to fetch a frisbee he just tossed, and Dave catches it with his mouth.
Universal Soldier	American	action	Roland Emmerich	In 1969, a U.S. Army team is ordered to secure a village against North Vietnamese forces. Luc Deveraux (Jean-Claude Van Damme) discovers members of his squad and various villagers murdered, all with their ears removed. Deveraux finds his sergeant, Andrew Scott (Dolph Lundgren), who has gone insane, with a string of severed ears and holding a young man and woman hostage. Deveraux, who is near the end of his tour of duty, tries to reason with Scott, who executes the man and orders Deveraux to shoot the girl to prove his loyalty. Deveraux refuses and tries to save the girl, but she is killed by a grenade thrown by Scott. After shooting each other to death. Deveraux and Scott's corpses are recovered by a second squad and cryogenically frozen, their deaths classified as missing in action. Deveraux and Scott's corpses are reanimated decades later without prior memories of their previous lives and selected for the Universal Soldier (UniSol) program, an elite counter-terrorism unit, and are deployed via an Aero Spacelines Mini Guppy to the Hoover Dam to resolve a hostage situation. Deveraux uses efficient means to dispatch terrorists, but Scott uses excessive force, which causes concern among the project technicians. The team demonstrates their superior training and physical abilities against the terrorists, such as when GR76 (Ralf Möller) withstands close-range rifle fire. After the area is secured, Deveraux begins to regain memory from his former life upon seeing two hostages who strongly resemble the villagers he tried to save in Vietnam, causing him to disobey commands from the control team and become unresponsive. In the mobile command center, it is revealed that the UniSols are genetically augmented soldiers with enhanced self-healing abilities and superior strength, but they also have a tendency to overheat and shut down. They are given a neural serum to keep their minds susceptible and their past memory suppressed. As a result of the glitch, Woodward (Leon Rippy), one of the technicians on the project, feels it may be better to remove Deveraux from the team until he can be further analyzed, but UniSol commander Colonel Perry (Ed O'Ross) refuses. TV journalist, Veronica Roberts (Ally Walker), who was fired while covering the Hoover Dam incident, tries to get a story on the UniSol project in order to get her job back. Roberts sneaks onto the base with a cameraman, discovering GR76 immersed in ice, still alive despite normally-fatal injuries. When her presence is noticed, Deveraux and Scott are ordered to capture her dead or alive. She flees to her cameraman's car, but they crash. Scott coldly murders the cameraman against orders before Deveraux stops him from shooting Roberts. Together, Deveraux and Roberts escape in a UniSol vehicle. Colonel Perry insists on preventing knowledge of the UniSol program getting out, not only to the public, but to the Pentagon, having no knowledge to the true nature of the project. Deveraux and Roberts flee to a motel, where Roberts discovers she has been framed for the murder of her cameraman. Scott's previously insane personality resurfaces, causing him to kill Perry (who wants to terminate the project), the second in command, and the technicians. Scott then takes control of the mindlessly obedient UniSol team, commanding them to search and destroy Deveraux and Roberts. Deveraux continues to regain his memories while Roberts tries to find out more information about the UniSol program. They step into a greasy spoon diner in the middle of the desert. Deveraux finds himself alone there for a while and starts ordering and devouring plate after plate of food, until the waitress asks how he's going to pay for it all. When Deveraux looks blankly at her, she calls out Hank, the cook, who threatens to harm him for being a deadbeat. However, Deveraux, though innocently saying he doesn't want to hurt him, easily beats Hank and every single patron who steps up to take him on. Roberts and Deveraux meet Dr. Christopher Gregor (Jerry Orbach), the creator of the program, who informs them that the UniSol project was started in the 1960s in order to develop the perfect soldier. Although they were able to reanimate dead humans, they were never able to overcome the body's need for constant cooling. The other major problem is that memories of the last moments of life are greatly amplified. In Deveraux's case, he still believes he is a soldier who wants to go home, while Scott believes he is still in Vietnam fighting insurgents. When Deveraux and Roberts leave the doctor's home, they are caught and arrested by the police. En route to jail, the police convoy is ambushed by Scott and GR76. A chase ensues, ending when the police bus and the UniSol truck both drive off a cliff and explode, killing GR76. Deveraux and Roberts head to Deveraux's family's farm in Louisiana. After Deveraux is reunites with his parents, Scott appears and takes the family and Roberts hostage. A brutal fight ensues, and Scott's use of muscle enhancers enables him to beat Deveraux mercilessly. Roberts manages to escape, only to be seemingly killed by a grenade thrown by Scott. Deveraux grabs the muscle enhancers Scott used and injects himself. Now evenly matched, Deveraux fights back and is able to impale Scott on the spikes of a hay harvester. Deveraux then starts the machine up, grinding Scott into alfalfa. Roberts is revealed to have survived the explosion, and she and Deveraux embrace. The Special Edition DVD release features an alternative ending which starts shortly after Scott takes Deveraux's family and Roberts hostage. As Deveraux grabs a shotgun in the kitchen, the front door opens and he sees his mother at the door before Scott shoots her to death. In the final fight between Deveraux and Scott, Deveraux does not use Scott's muscle enhancers. Shortly after grinding Scott to death, Deveraux is shot by his father before Dr. Christopher Gregor and his men appear. Gregor explains that he used Deveraux to entrap both him and Scott, and that Deveraux was staying with people posing as his parents. He then has his men shoot Deveraux, but, before Deveraux dies, the police and Roberts' news crew arrive. The news crew douse Deveraux with a fire extinguisher to stabilize him while Dr. Gregor and his men are arrested. Roberts is given the microphone to cover the arrest, but she loses all composure while on the air, dropping the microphone to comfort Deveraux. Several days later, Deveraux is reunited with his real parents. The film ends with a eulogy narrated by Roberts, who explains that Deveraux rejected all life-prolonging medication before dying a natural death.
Thirumanam Enum Nikkah	Tamil	romance	Anees	Ragava (Jai) and Vishnu Priya (Nazriya Nazim) are travelling in the train from Chennai to Coimbatore under the identities Abu Bakar and Aayisha. Ragava acquires the identity of Abu as he gets a ticket reserved in that name and Priya acquires the identity of Aayisha as she is impersonating her Muslim friend for a project. Abu/Ragava helps her from a stalker and in course falls in love with her. She too develops feelings for him. Back in Chennai, they start to get to know each other. They assume that the other person is a Muslim. But soon Priya feels guilty and asks Ragava to keep away from her. Saddened by this, Ragava meets a Unani doctor Showkhat Ali (Jamal) and learns about Islam just for the sake of Aayisha. Showkhat's daughter Naseema (Hebah Patel) falls in love with Ragava, assuming him to be Abu Bakar. On the day of Ramzan, Priya confesses her love to Ragava and they start a relationship. Under certain circumstances, they both come to know about their true identities. Though their family arrange their marriage, they feel that they had true love only for their Muslim counterparts. On the day of their marriage, they break up and move away. Meanwhile, Naseema comes to know about Ragava's marriage and her cousin Ashraff (Dinesh) plans for revenge. Ragava and Priya attend Priya's friend Aayisha's marriage and they feel that they still have love for each other. As Ragava leaves the venue, Ashraff and his friends beat him up. Naseema stops them and confesses that only she had mistaken Ragava. Priya notices the brawl, realizes her love and hugs Ragava. Finally, they both get married.
 Hounds of Love	Australian	crime	Ben Young	Vicki Maloney, an intelligent and charismatic teenager inwardly struggling with her parents’ recent separation, spends the weekend at her mother’s house in outer suburbia. After a heated argument between them, Vicki defiantly sneaks out to attend a party and is lured into the car of a seemingly trustworthy couple, John and Evelyn White. Now at John and Evelyn’s house, Vicki soon finds herself held captive where she is forced into a dark world of violence and domination. With no way to escape and her murder imminent, Vicki realizes she must find a way to drive a wedge between them if she’s to survive her ordeal, and tries exploiting Evelyn’s desire to see her absent children. Unfortunately, John’s emotional hold over Evelyn is far beyond Vicki’s comprehension and her efforts to turn them against each other only fuels Evelyn’s will to see her die. Broken and tormented, Vicki accepts her fate may soon lie at the bottom of a shallow bush grave. Meanwhile Vicki’s desperate mother Maggie will stop at nothing to find her missing child. When Maggie’s search leads her to John and Evelyn’s street, Vicki finds the strength for one last attempt at survival by forcing Evelyn to realize if she ever wants to see her children again, she must break free from John’s evil spell.
Cardcaptor Sakura: The Movie	Japanese	animation	Morio Asaka	Sakura Kinomoto, Cardcaptor of the Clow Cards, successfully seals the Arrow Card with help from her friends Syaoran Li, Kero, Tomoyo Daidoji, and Meiling Li. That night, Sakura experiences a strange dream where two pieces of cloth pull her underwater. After school ends for spring break, Sakura and Tomoyo visit the Twin Bells shop where Sakura participates in a lottery to win a vacation to Hong Kong. As Sakura reaches for a lottery ball, one magically flies into her hand, the winning ball for the vacation. Sakura goes with Tomoyo, Kero, her big brother Toya and his best friend Yukito Tsukishiro, who Sakura has a crush on. The group tour the city but Sakura experiences the dream again which this time features two malevolent birds and a mysterious woman sports the floating cloths. During a tour of the Yuen Po Street Bird Garden (also referred to as Bird Street), Sakura spots the two birds and pursues them across the city, finding an old water well where the clothes emerge and hypnotise her. As Sakura is drawn towards the well, Syaoran appears and scares the birds away. Reuniting with the others including Meiling, Sakura is taken to the Li family estate where she meets Syaoran's eccentric sisters and his mother Yelan, a powerful sorceress who senses Sakura is in danger. Staying for the night, Sakura experiences the dream again where the woman attacks her. Yelan takes Sakura outside and warns her that the woman is extremely powerful and is deliberately contacting Sakura. The next day, Syaoran and Meiling are forced to accompany Sakura and co. around Hong Kong should something happen. Sakura spots the birds again and pursues them with Kero. They chase them down to an antiques store, where they come across an old book that has a picture of the woman on the cover. Sakura is hypnotised again and opens the book before her friends, flooding the shop and transporting the group to another dimension where the woman dwells. The birds are revealed to be her cloths. The woman, actually a sorceress referred to as Madoushi (named Su Yung in the English dub), attacks Sakura in rage, believing she had summoned Clow Reed, creator of the Clow Cards. Sakura discovers that her friends, except for Syaoran, have been taken prisoner, and Madoushi demands Clow comes in exchange for their freedom. Syaoran distracts Madoushi so Sakura can rescue Tomoyo but is captured as well. Sakura escapes with Kero and Tomoyo back to the antiques store, but find the book has vanished. Kero realises he knows Madoushi, a fortune teller who Clow fell in love with and taught her magic. But she used them for evil and was imprisoned in another dimension by Clow, but is likely unaware she is a spirit. Sakura realises the well appeared on the book cover and it is another entrance to Madoushi's prison. Going to the well, Sakura encounters Yelan who breaks the shield surrounding the well to allow Sakura and Kero to enter. Sakura confronts Madoushi who uses the magic of Sakura's friends to escape her prison but is shocked by Hong Kong's appearance. Sakura and Kero follow, but Madoushi captures Sakura and holds her prisoner. When Sakura tells her of Clow's passing, Madoushi angrily tries to drown Sakura by trapping her in a flooded skyscraper with her cloths. Sakura uses the Arrow Card to escape and she confronts Madoushi, sympathising with the sorceress and confirms Clow is dead. Madoushi dissolves into water, passing on, but releases Sakura's friends. While Toya and Yukito have no memory of what happened, Sakura tells Tomoyo and Kero they may have to visit Hong Kong again in the future.
Bhayya	Telugu	action	Boopathy Pandian	Anbu (Vishal) is a happy-go-lucky engineering student, who lives with his family in Pattukottai and is having a good time singing energetic fast numbers like Kantha Kadamba with his friends. One day he gets into a fracas with a local politician ('Kathal' Dhandapani) and his comic henchmen while trying to save a friend and is arrested and a case registered against him. The local court gives him conditional bail, provided he signs the register in a Tiruchi police station! On the way to Trichy police station, he sees a girl on a terrace (Motta Madi) drying clothes and falls for her. It is love at first sight for Anbu as he becomes crazy about Malar (Priyamani) a college girl, which leads to some hilarious situations. The police station, where he has to sign daily, is manned by his father's brother Kandasamy (Ashish Vidyarthi), a comic Inspector whose ex-lover Kamala (Urvasi) is the constable at the station. Anbu kindles the love life of his uncle and makes merry at Malar’s college, leading to funny situations. Meanwhile Trichy city is run by a powerful politician Palani (Devaraj) and his brother Guna (Ajay), who have killed the local RDO in cold blood watched by a huge crowd of onlookers. The brothers continue with their ‘dada giri’, till they clash with a brave heart. He is none other than Anbu who, while trying to save Malar from a difficult situation with Palani, ends up getting the wrath of the brothers. Although Malar's mother wants to move away from the city, Anbu and his aunt convince her to stay and make Anbu Malar's protector. He accompanies her and protects her from danger. After seeing his care, Malar slowly falls for him and sees his true love for her. Palani causes problems for Anbu, but Anbu overcomes them and gets Palani killed by his uncle. Malar graduates and marries Anbu, and the story ends.
Straight Out of Brooklyn	American	drama	Matty Rich	Dennis, living in a Red Hook housing project in Brooklyn, New York has had enough of poverty, and witnessing his alcoholic father beat his mother. His father is depressed and troubled from working hard for the white man for so many years, yet having nothing to show for it. Dennis and two friends come up with a plan to rob a local drug dealer and split the money. One of the friends asks his uncle to borrow his car, and then a connection he has gives him a shotgun for the operation. Dennis keeps telling his girlfriend that they will soon have money and be able to move out of Brooklyn, but he does not actually tell her of the plan. When he does eventually explain what he is about to do, she leaves him and tells him the relationship is over. Meanwhile, his mother loses her job due to the bruises on her face from the ongoing domestic violence. On the day of the robbery, Dennis and his friends wait in the car for the dealer to come out with a briefcase full of cash. As they drive up to him, Dennis points the gun in his face and tells him to hand over the bag, yet he doesn't actually shoot him as his friends were discussing in the car. The dealer complies, and they speed off. The dealer has now seen their faces, and after being ordered by the gangster he works for to get the money back, he goes out looking for the three. When Dennis and his friends take the briefcase back home and realise that it contains much more than they expected, the other two get scared and realize they will be targeted for stealing the bag in the first place. After an argument with Dennis, they leave all the money with him and say they want nothing to do with it. The same night, Dennis brings the money home to show his family and tells them they can move out of the projects, but his father is less than happy about what his son has done. This causes an argument in the house which leads to more violence and Dennis' mother having to go to the hospital. The next day at the hospital, Dennis' father goes out for some air when the drug dealer who was robbed sees him and recognizes who he is. The dealer and his accomplices chase him and he is blocked on both sides and shot dead. At the same time, in the hospital, Dennis' mother dies with her son and daughter by her side. The movie ends with the bloodied father lying still in death, against a fence.
The Lawless Nineties	American	western	Joseph Kane	In the 1890s, undercover federal agents John Tipton (Wayne) and Bridger (Chandler) head for Crocket City, Wyoming to supervise the vote on whether to join the Union. One group of local outlaws organized by Charles Plummer (Harry Woods) is using dynamite to terrorize the populace and ensure that the vote fails. In the chaos, Tipton and Bridger are separated and Tipton befriends a trio of settlers harassed by outlaws. They are Major Carter (Hayes), his daughter Janet (Rutherford) and their servant Moses (Fred Toones). Carter has recently become the new editor and publisher of the local newspaper, the Crocket City Blade, and when he announces plans to use the power of the press to fight lawlessness and aid the statehood cause, he is threatened by Plummer and subsequently shot and murdered by one of his men in a staged fight. When Plummer's henchmen eventually kill Bridger, after learning of his status as a government agent, Tipton fights on. He sends fake telegrams that trap some of Plummer's men. Then he organizes the ranchers and on election day they descend on the town barricaded by Plummer's gang and defeated the gang leader and his henchmen. On the day of the election, the villains actually initially stop the homesteaders from voting but Tipton leads in a bunch of agents and ranchers to crush the outlaws. It results in all the baddies brought to justice, Wyoming becoming a state and Tipton getting the pretty girl, Janet.
The Kids Are All Right	American	comedy	Lisa Cholodenko	Nic (Annette Bening) and Jules (Julianne Moore) are a married lesbian and bisexual couple living in the Los Angeles area. Nic is an obstetrician, and Jules is a housewife who is starting up a landscape design business. Each has given birth to a child using the same sperm donor. The younger child Laser (Josh Hutcherson) wants to find his sperm donor father but has to be 18 to do so. He implores his 18-year-old sister, Joni (Mia Wasikowska), to contact the sperm bank which identifies Paul (Mark Ruffalo) as the donor. The three meet. Joni is impressed by his bohemian lifestyle, and Paul becomes enthusiastic about being in their lives. Joni swears her brother to secrecy as she does not want to upset their mothers. However, Jules and Nic find out and invite Paul over to dinner. When Jules reveals she has a landscape business, Paul asks her to transform his back garden. Jules agrees, although Nic does not like the idea. While working for Paul, Jules likes that he appreciates her work in contrast to Nic who, Jules feels, never supported her career. Jules impulsively kisses Paul one afternoon, and they end up in bed together, beginning an affair. Jules and the kids start spending more time with Paul. Nic believes Paul undermines her authority over the children by, for example, giving Joni a ride on his motorcycle—which Nic has forbidden—and by suggesting she give Joni more freedom. After a heated argument with Jules, Nic suggests they all have dinner at Paul's house to ease the tension. Nic relaxes and for the first time connects with Paul. However, Nic discovers traces of Jules's hair in Paul's bathroom and bedroom. When they return home, Nic confronts Jules. At first, Jules denies it but then admits to the affair. Nic is devastated, but Jules assures she is not in love with Paul and has not turned straight; she just wanted to be appreciated. Joni and Laser have overheard the arguments and are also upset at Jules. The household becomes tense and Jules is forced to sleep on the couch. Paul thinks he has fallen in love with Jules and suggests she leave Nic, bring the kids, and come live with him. Jules declines, disgusted with Paul's lack of understanding about their relationship. The children are angry at both of them. The night before Joni leaves home to go to college, Paul turns up at the house. Nic angrily confronts him and tells him that if he wants a family, he should make one of his own. Rejected, Paul watches Laser from outside the window, trying to get his attention, but Laser ignores him. Later that night, Jules tearfully admits her errors to her family and begs their forgiveness. The next morning, the family takes Joni off to college. While Nic and Jules together hug Joni to say goodbye, they also affectionately touch each other. During the ride home, Laser tells his mothers that they should not break up because they are too old. Jules and Nic giggle, and the film ends with them smiling at each other and holding hands.
Fort Utah	American	western	Lesley Selander	A former gunslinger, Tom Horn (John Ireland). has to fight off a renegade cavalryman and his band of outlaws who are terrorising pioneer settlers and the local Indians.
Powder	American	drama	Victor Salva	Jeremy Powder Reed is an albino young man who has incredible intellect and is able to sense the thoughts of the people around him. Jeremy's brain possesses a powerful electromagnetic charge, which causes electrical objects to function abnormally when he is around them, particularly when he becomes emotional. The electromagnetic charge also prevents hair from growing on his body. Jeremy's mother was struck by lightning while pregnant with him; she died shortly after the strike, but Jeremy survived. His father disowned him shortly after his premature birth, and he was raised by his grandparents. Jeremy lived in the basement and worked on their farm, never leaving their property and learning everything he knew from books. He is taken from his home when his grandfather is found dead of natural causes. Jessie Caldwell (Mary Steenburgen), a child services psychologist, takes him to a boys' home because he is now effectively a ward of the state. Jessie enrolls him in high school, where Jeremy meets physics teacher Donald Ripley (Jeff Goldblum). Donald finds out that Jeremy has supernatural powers as well as the highest IQ in the history of mankind. While his abilities mark him as special, they also make him an outcast. On a hunting trip with his schoolmates, Jeremy is threatened with a gun by John Box (Bradford Tatum), an aggressive student who views him as a freak. Before John can fire, a gun goes off in the distance, and everyone rushes to see that Harley Duncan, a Sheriff's deputy, has shot a doe. Anguished by the animal's death, Jeremy touches the deer and Harley, inducing in Harley what the students assume is a seizure. However, Harley admits that Jeremy had actually caused him to feel the pain and fear of the dying deer. Because of the experience, Harley removes all of his guns from his house, although Sheriff Doug Barnum allows him to remain as a sheriff's deputy without a sidearm. Doug enlists Jeremy to help speak to his dying wife through telepathy. Through Jeremy, the sheriff learns that his wife clings onto life because she didn't want to leave without her wedding ring on her finger and without him reconciling with his estranged son, Steven. She tells him that Steven found the ring and that it has been sitting in a silver box on her nightstand the entire time. Doug then places the ring on his wife's finger and reconciles with Steven, letting his wife die peacefully. Jeremy meets Lindsey Kelloway (Missy Crider), a romantic interest, but their relationship is broken by Lindsey's father. Before the interruption, he tells Lindsey that he can see the truth about people: that they are scared and feel disconnected from the rest of the world but in truth are all connected to everything that exists. Jeremy goes back to the juvenile facility and packs away his belongings, planning to run away to his farm. He pauses in the gym to stare at a male student washing, noticing the latter's luxurious head of hair as well as body hair which he himself lacks, and is caught at it by John Box, who accuses him of homosexuality. John steals Jeremy's hat and taunts him, but Jeremy reveals that John's words mimic what his stepfather said before beating him when he was 12, infuriating him. John and the other boys humiliate Jeremy, stripping him naked and taunting him. His powers begin to manifest by pulling at their metal buttons and any piercings. Eventually, a large spherical electromagnetic pulse erupts throwing Jeremy into a mud puddle and everyone else to the ground. John is found still, with his heart stopped. Jeremy uses an electric shock to revive him. In the final scene, Jeremy returns to the farm where he grew up, now in probate with the bank, and finds that all of his possessions have been removed. He is joined by Jessie, Donald, and Doug, who persuade Jeremy to come with them to find a place where he will not be feared and misunderstood. Instead, he runs into a field where a lightning bolt strikes him, and he disappears in a blinding flash of light, possibly transcending earthly limitations and becoming pure energy (as Donald alluded to in an earlier conversation). The electrical jolt hits Jessie, Donald, Doug, and Harley.
Billy the Kid	American	western	David Miller	The year is 1880 and William Bonney (Robert Taylor) is already a famous gunslinger, known as Billy the Kid. In Lincoln, New Mexico, Billy helps his friend Pedro Gonzales (Frank Puglia) escape from jail, where he was put by mean sheriff Cass McAndrews (Cy Kendall). Later, Billy and Pedro go back to a saloon from which Pedro was thrown out earlier by the locals because of his ethnicity. One of the cattle barons, Dan Hickey (Gene Lockhart), recognizes Billy and hires him to scare up some farmers into joining Hickey's business. Billy and the rest of Hickey's men start a stampede among the farmers' cattle, wreaking havoc and creating chaos. A farmer is killed during the stampede, and afterwards Billy feels guilty of what he has done. During the stampede, Billy encounters one of his childhood friends, Jim Sherwood (Brian Donlevy), who works for a man named Eric Keating (Ian Hunter). Jim arranges for Billy and Pedro to come and work for the non-violent Keating instead of the violent Hickey. At the Keating ranch, Billy meets Eric's beautiful sister Edith (Mary Howard) and is instantly attracted to her. He finds himself well at home at the ranch, until Pedro is shot in the back and killed by one of Hickey's men. Keating convinces Billy not to take revenge, but to wait until he has talked to the governor about the violent situation in the region. However, Keating doesn't return from his visit to the governor. At Edith's birthday party, Keating's horse comes back with an empty saddle. Billy decides to go after Hickey and his men to seek justice. When Hickey finds out about Keating's men coming for him, he tries to make them change their minds by sending them a messenger who lies and tells them that Keating died while trying to get away from the sheriff. Keating's men doesn't buy the lie, so Hickey tries to stall them with negotiations, while sending for reinforcements. After talking to Hickey, Jim seems to have switched sides, telling the sheriff to lock up Billy and another one of Keating's men, Tim Ward (Henry O'Neill). He says it's for their own protection, but Billy doesn't believe him. Hickey tries to make the sheriff shoot Billy and say that he was trying to escape from jail, but Ward manages to disarm the sheriff, and later Billy kills him, thinking he is still trying to kill them. Billy and Ward track down the men who killed Keating and shoots them one by one. When they are all dead, Jim and Hickey turns up. Jim tries to stop Billy from shooting Hickey, but when Hickey flees the scene Billy shoots him in the back. The story ends with Billy challenging his old friend Jim, but he has shifted hands and is now using his right hand to draw instead of his usual quick left. Because of this, Jim is faster and kills Billy, and afterwards Jim realizes that Billy shifted hands deliberately and let him win.[3]
Hare Tonic	American	animation	Unknown	Elmer Fudd has purchased Bugs Bunny at a local grocery store (with a sign visible in the window offering a special on Fresh Hare) and is taking him home to make a meal. As he walks along, he sings the tune of Shortnin' Bread, substituting Wabbit Stew. Bugs pops out of Elmer's basket, munching on a carrot that was in there with him, and asks, Eh, whatcha got in the basket, doc? Elmer replies, I got me a wabbit! I'm gonna cook me a wabbit stew! Bugs states his love of rabbit stew (though he is clearly a rabbit) and then begs to see Elmer's rabbit. When Elmer opens his basket and finds it empty (Bugs had quickly climbed out), Bugs pushes his nemesis into his own basket and then sings the tune Elmer had been singing — but then Elmer realizes he's been tricked, and so he re-reverses the switch. Foreshadowing pranks to come, Bugs tells the audience from inside the basket (à la Red Skelton's mean widdle kid), He don't know me vewy well, do he? Once at home, Bugs easily secures his escape by distracting Elmer, tricking him into thinking the phone has rung. However, just as he's about to leave, he decides that the setup's too easy and he just can't leave. He decides to stay and heckle his would-be devourer. Bugs effects a radio broadcast that warns of the dread disease rabbititis, which is contracted from rabbits sold within the last three days and which causes people to see spots and have delusions assuming the characteristics of rabbits, which is followed by the onset of schizophrenia and depersonalization disorder.This frightens the gullible Elmer and he informs Bugs that he is free to leave. Bugs, however, decides he doesn't want to leave by saying Oh, no, Doc. Wouldn't think of it. We're gonna brew a stew, remember?, only to make Elmer back away, forcing him to hide on top of his door: Oh no! Pwease, Mr. Wabbit! Go away! Don't come any cwoser! D-Don't come near me! NOOOOOOOOO!. Bugs, thinking he has B.O., sniffs his glove and tells the audience Oh, goodness! Don't tell me I offend. just as Elmer pleads with Bugs to Make twacks. Scuwwy away. SCWAM! to which Bugs angrily replies as he leaves OKAY! I CAN TAKE A HINT! I KNOW WHEN I'M NOT WANTED! GOODBYE!. But when Bugs returns, Elmer reminds him that Bugs has to scwam, but Bugs points to a sign on the door that states QUARANTINED FOR RABBITITUS (RABBITITIS). NO ONE MAY LEAVE PREMISES. Thus Bugs stays to torment Elmer, and many hijinks ensue, including Bugs posing as Elmer's shower faucets {Gurgle, gurgle. Why don't ya' pay ya' water bill, Doc?} and a doctor (Dr. Killpatient, parodying Dr. Kildare), painting a room with red, yellow and blue spots to make Elmer think he sees spots before his eyes and pretending to be Elmer's reflection in the mirror (a scene inspired by the famous mirror scene in the Marx Brothers' film, Duck Soup) and his own rabbity image reflected at him in a mirror that's really just Bugs after the glass has been removed. And when Dr. Killpatient (Bugs) tests Elmer's reflexes, Elmer goes into a familiar Russian kick dance, and Bugs decides to join him in a busby hat and boots. Finally, Elmer sees Bugs' game and chases him out of the house with a shotgun. But Bugs quickly halts the chase and, in an unusually lengthy breaking of the fourth wall, even by Bugs' standards, he convinces Elmer that members of the audience are now afflicted with rabbititis by saying Hey, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Look, the people out there in the audience - the lady there with the long ears. They're getting longer all the time. And the guy back there in the seventeenth row with the cute tomato - he's gettin' all fuzzy. Yeah, they've got it. Everybody out there's got rabbititis! Yaah! which causes Elmer to flee back into his house in a terror of panic. Bugs then addresses the audience and says the whole thing was just a gag, of course and that if the audience really had rabbititis, they'd see swirling red and yellow spots, whereupon red and yellow spots are seen swirling on the screen, and the underscore starts to build dramatically. Immediately after Bugs says, And then suddenly, everything'd go black! the screen does suddenly go black, and the music stops abruptly and dramatically, followed by a second or two of dark silence. Bugs snickers and the cartoon ends.
Cold Souls	American	comedy	Sophie Barthes	Paul Giamatti is an actor who becomes so impassioned with the characters and roles that he plays that he has trouble disassociating himself from the character after the scene is done. As a result, his mind and spirit are a tangled mass of emotions that he seems to have trouble separating from his own feelings. As he struggles to play Uncle Vanya, he reads an article in The New Yorker regarding Soul Storage, which in fact is a procedural clinic that physically removes one's soul from his body. While hesitant at first to go through with such a procedure, being unsure how it would affect him, Paul decides to go ahead. On visiting the clinic he discovers that most souls come out as gray matter or clouds. He decides to go ahead, declining the offer to look at his soul as it happens. He is distressed to discover that his soul comes out looking just like a chickpea. He has it stored in the clinic and returns to his life with 5 percent of his soul remaining. However, his life begins to fall apart; he has trouble associating with or making love to his wife Claire. Lacking in emotional intelligence, he says insensitive things, such as telling a friend to just pull the plug on her comatose mother, and his acting for the Chekhov play lacks believability. Not wanting his soul back just yet, he instead obtains the soul of what he is told is a Russian poet, whose memories entice him to be curious about her and her life as well as obtain a curiosity of his own. This Russian soul allows him to play Uncle Vanya excellently, but the experience overwhelms him and he decides to get his own soul back. Paul's world is turned upside down when Nina, a Russian soul mule who transports people's souls to and from Russia, steals Paul's soul for the wife of her boss at the Russian soul-storage operation, who aspires to be an actress. She receives Paul's soul, believing it to be the soul of Al Pacino. Her acting and happiness improve. Nina, the mule who carried Paul's soul and has become curious about him, eventually reveals the whereabouts of his soul, helping him to get it back. As the pair investigate the soul of Olga the poet, which he had 'rented' during this period, they learn that she committed suicide after not being able to get it back after selling it. Paul and Nina get his soul back, and after looking into it through the use of special goggles to reassociate himself to it, he returns to New York a happier man. Nina's soul is found, but Paul is told that it is unrecoverable due to the residues of souls that she has carried.
Rossassa Fel Qalb (Bullet in the Heart)	Egyptian	drama	Mohammed Karim	Mohsen is a ladies' man. He has a close friend who is a polite doctor. Mohsen meets a lady, Fifi, and falls in love with her. He later discovers that she is engaged to his friend, the doctor. Although she wants to be Mohsen's lady, not the doctor's, Mohsen abandons her—he refuses her love and remains loyal to his friend.
All Men Are Liars	Australian	comedy	Gerard Lee	Barry decides to sell the family piano that belongs to his wife Irene. This results in Irene leaving him and their son Mick. Mick desperately wants his mother to return home and so he decides to save up some money to buy the piano back. The town's annual harvest festival is about to commence and an all-girl band fronted by the beautiful Angela arrives to participate. Mick develops a wacky scheme in which he dresses up in his mother's clothes and becomes 'Michelle', in hopes of joining the girl band to make the money he needs. The scheme works, however Mick becomes increasingly attracted to Angela who has just broken up with her boyfriend after he cheated on her with the band's ex-guitarist. Mick/Michelle eventually earns enough money to buy the piano back, however Angela has since become close to 'Michelle' and has now developed unexpected feelings for her/him. Angela then begins questioning her sexuality and unfortunately for Mick, she has vowed to kill any man who lies to her again.
Thotti Jaya	Tamil	action	V. Z. Durai	Jayachandran (Simbu) is an orphan working in a hotel as a helper. It is assumed he gets his title name Thotti Jaya as he is found in a garbage bin as an infant. One day he beats and fends off a man who gets into a squabble with the hotel owner (G. M. Kumar). The following night, the hotel owner rewards him with cash and dreads him the next morning. He realizes people only respect people they fear. So he walks out from the hotel and reaches Chennai. He is spotted by Seena Thana (Pradeep Rawat) and is hired as a henchman. In an incident, Thotti Jaya gets entangled in a political and police trap. To escape from police, Thotti Jaya slips to Calcutta and goes into hiding. Meanwhile, Brinda (Gopika), a college girl from Kanyakumari, comes to Calcutta on a tour along with her friends. Pimps operating in the red light area of Calcutta take away Brinda. Thotti Jaya accidentally meets Brinda when she tries to escape from the gang. He helps Brinda escape from the gang and takes her safely to Kanyakumari. On her way back home by train, Brinda starts admiring Thotti Jaya's niceties and gradually falls in love with him. When she expresses her desire, Thotti Jaya reciprocates her love, and both decide to enter into wedlock but little does he know that Brinda is actually Seena Thana's daughter. Thotti Jaya takes away Brinda from her house and thus earns the wrath of Seena Thana. Angered by this, Seena Thana summons his rowdy gangs and plots to bump off Thotti Jaya. How Thotti Jaya accomplishes his hopes of marrying Brinda is told in the remaining part of the story.
You Lucky People	British	comedy	Maurice Elvey	An intake of civilian reservists arrive at army camp to do their two weeks refresher training.
The Flesh and Blood Show	British	horror	Pete Walker	A anonymous producer assembles a group of unemployed actors and actresses to be in a play, rehearsing in an abandoned theatre beside the sea. A murderer, who wears black gloves, kills all of the actors in various ways. The murderer is later revealed to have previously been an actor, who trapped his wife and her new lover in the wall, re-emerging 30 years later to commit murder again.
Violent Saturday	American	crime	Richard Fleischer	Harper (Stephen McNally) is a bank robber posing as a traveling salesman. He arrives in town, soon to be joined by sadistic benzedrine addict Dill (Lee Marvin) and bookish Chapman (J. Carrol Naish). Boyd Fairchild (Richard Egan) is manager of the local copper mine, troubled by his philandering wife (Margaret Hayes). He considers an affair with nurse Linda Sherman (Virginia Leith), though he truly loves his wife. His associate, Shelley Martin (Victor Mature), has a happy home life, but is embarrassed that his son believes he is a coward because he did not serve in World War II. Subplots involves a peeping-tom bank manager, Harry Reeves (Tommy Noonan), and a larcenous librarian, Elsie Braden (Sylvia Sidney). As the bank robbers carry out their plot, the separate character threads are drawn together. Violence erupts during the robbery. Fairchild's wife is slain and bank manager Reeves is wounded. Martin is held hostage on a farm with an Amish family. With the help of the father (Ernest Borgnine), he defeats the crooks in a savage gunfight. In the aftermath, Martin becomes a hero to his son, and Linda comforts Fairchild as he grieves for his wife.
The Hunted	American	drama	J.F. Lawton	Paul Racine, a computer chip company executive from New York, is on a business trip to Nagoya. He meets Kirina in the hotel lounge, and they have a one-night stand. After they part ways, Kirina is approached by Kinjo and two henchmen. Kinjo is the leader of the Makato cult, an organization of ninja assassins that was hired to kill her. He boasts that no one has seen his face and lived. Kirina shows no fear of dying, so he grants her final wish to show her his face. Racine returns, looking for his room key, and tries to defend Kirina, but he is late. Kinjo decapitates her as his men stab Racine, hit him with a poisoned shuriken and cut his throat, leaving him for dead. Racine awakens in a hospital room, but his claims of his encounter with ninjas are met with disbelief by the police. Lieutenant Wadakura dismisses the allegation and suspects that the murder is the work of a yakuza syndicate. Racine is approached by Ijuro Takeda, an expert on the cult and on Kinjo. Takeda claims Racine's life is in danger as he has seen Kinjo's face. Racine also finds out that Takeda is the last in a samurai line and has a feud with Kinjo. The ninjas attempt to finish Racine off at the hospital, killing several hospital staff and police officers, including Wadakura, but he escapes. Takeda and his wife Mieko subsequently take him to their family's stronghold, located on an island several hundred miles away. Leaving the city, Takeda secretly uses Racine as bait to draw Kinjo out, leading to a battle on the train where several passenger cars of innocent people are slaughtered by the ninjas. Takeda and Mieko kill the attackers, but discover that Kinjo did not take part in the assault. The ninjas' leader was Junko, Kinjo's lover; this increases Kinjo's motivation to kill Racine and Takeda. During the boat ride to the island, Mieko explains the history of the conflict between the two clans and the samurai concepts of courage and honor to Racine. On the island, Racine spends time with the drunken bladesmith Oshima, who is constructing a katana for Takeda. Despite the language barrier, the old man teaches him about smithing and swordsmanship. Meanwhile, Kinjo decides to find out who hired his clan to murder Kirina. The man he finds, Nemura, is a powerful yakuza figure who bought Kirina from her pimp uncle, then ordered her death when she left him after years of servitude. Disgusted that he killed an innocent woman over such a petty grievance, Kinjo kills the man. Three weeks after Kirina's death, Takeda's new sword is ready, and Racine's injuries have healed. Takeda arrives at the island and is dismayed to find that Oshima has been training Racine. He humiliates Racine in a friendly duel. When Racine announces that he wants to leave the island and return home to New York, Takeda has him imprisoned and alerts Kinjo of his whereabouts. Hordes of ninjas arrive, overwhelming Takeda's inexperienced samurai, but Takeda gets the duel with Kinjo he wanted. Kinjo is victorious, stabbing Takeda through the torso; Takeda in turn stabs Kinjo in the leg, but soon dies. As Kinjo is about to kill a helpless Mieko he is caught off-guard by Racine, whom Oshima had released on Mieko's instructions. Racine stabs Kinjo in the right shoulder, hurting his dominant arm. However, he is armed with only a sword he barely knows how to use. With his newfound skills and assistance from Mieko, Racine manages to decapitate Kinjo. Oshima then arrives in battle gear, and is annoyed to find all the ninjas dead. Racine, Mieko, and Oshima walk up the hill toward the family castle.
Colors of the Blind	Chinese	drama	Chen Guoxing	If not for attending a school for the blind, Ding Lihua (Tao Hong) is just like any other young, silly girl. The chirping of canary or the touch of snow will bring out a big smile from her. She hates it, however, when people mention her disability especially out of sympathy, and when her brother (Zhang Wankun) and sister-in-law (Ding Jiali) try to matchmake her with an older blind musician, she takes offense. One day, running after her brother's bicycle on the rural road, Ding is spotted by Li Mingsheng (Jiang Kai), a dedicated Paralympic coach who trains a group of disabled track athletes. Ding joins his team, though she quits not long after due to a disagreement with his harsh training method. Realizing that running under Li is her best bet to become something, she returns to the team, and Li quickly sees the potential and the competitive spirit in her. They train hard and Ding wins the 100-metre dash in her first official competition. Ding develops feelings for Li, even though she is also aware that he is fully healthy with a beautiful girlfriend Yu Su (Cui Qianmei). Around this time, Liu Yi (He Bing), a rich ex-classmate, visits her frequently with the intention of dating her. Though not interested in him, Ding borrows money from Liu to try to help Li mend his failing relationship with Yu, but Li and Yu still break up for good. Li thanks Ding, but rejects her love. Ding becomes sullen, and leaves the team again after an argument with Li. Li gains more understanding of blind people that they wish to be treated normally more than they need sympathy, while Ding also realizes that she needs to accept the reality that she is blind and different from others. After winning a gold medal at a Paralympic Games for China, Ding returns home and becomes a masseuse. It is through sports that she becomes a confident human being, and she begins to see colors in her dreams.
The Searchers	American	western	John Ford	In 1868, Ethan Edwards returns after an eight-year absence to the home of his brother Aaron in the wilderness of West Texas. Ethan fought in the Civil War on the side of the Confederacy, and in the three years since that war ended he apparently fought in the Mexican revolutionary war as well. He has a large quantity of gold coins of uncertain origin in his possession, and a medal from the Mexican campaign that he gives to his eight-year-old niece, Debbie. As a former Confederate soldier, he is asked to take an oath of allegiance to the Texas Rangers; he refuses. As Rev. Captain Samuel Clayton remarks, Ethan fits a lot of descriptions. Shortly after Ethan's arrival, cattle belonging to his neighbor Lars Jorgensen are stolen, and when Captain Clayton leads Ethan and a group of Rangers to recover them, they discover that the theft was a Comanche ploy to draw the men away from their families. When they return they find the Edwards homestead in flames. Aaron, his wife Martha, and their son Ben are dead, and Debbie and her older sister Lucy have been abducted. After a brief funeral the men set out in pursuit. They come upon a burial ground of Comanches who were killed during the raid. Ethan mutilates one of the bodies. When they find the Comanche camp, Ethan recommends a frontal attack, but Clayton insists on a stealth approach to avoid killing the hostages. The camp is deserted, and further along the trail the men ride into an ambush. Though they fend off the attack, the Rangers are left with too few men to fight the Indians effectively. They return home, leaving Ethan to continue his search for the girls with only Lucy's fiancé, Brad Jorgensen and Debbie's adopted brother, Martin Pawley. Ethan finds Lucy brutally murdered and presumably raped in a canyon near the Comanche camp. In a blind rage, Brad rides directly into the Indian camp and is killed. When winter arrives Ethan and Martin lose the trail and return to the Jorgensen ranch. Martin is enthusiastically welcomed by the Jorgensens' daughter Laurie, and Ethan finds a letter waiting for him from a trader named Futterman, who claims to have information about Debbie. Ethan, who would rather travel alone, leaves without Martin the next morning, but Laurie provides Martin with a horse to catch up. At Futterman's trading post, Ethan and Martin learn that Debbie has been taken by Scar, the chief of the Nawyecka band of Comanches. A year or more later, Laurie receives a letter from Martin describing the ongoing search. In reading the letter aloud, Laurie narrates the next few scenes, in which Ethan kills Futterman for trying to steal his money, Martin accidentally buys a Comanche wife, and the two men find a portion of Scar's band killed by soldiers. The search leads Ethan and Martin to a military fort, and then to New Mexico, where a Mexican man leads them to Scar. They find Debbie after five years, now an adolescent, living as one of Scar's wives. She tells the men that she has become a Comanche, and wishes to remain with them. Ethan would rather see her dead than living as an Indian, and tries to shoot her, but Martin shields her with his body and a Comanche wounds Ethan with an arrow as they escape. Though Martin tends to Ethan's wound, he is furious with him for attempting to kill Debbie, and wishes him dead. That'll be the day, Ethan replies, as they return home. Meanwhile, Charlie McCorry has been courting Laurie in Martin's absence. Ethan and Martin arrive home just as Charlie and Laurie's wedding is about to begin. After a fistfight between Martin and Charlie, a nervous Yankee soldier, Lt. Greenhill, arrives with news that Ethan's half-crazy friend Mose Harper has located Scar. Clayton leads his men to the Comanche camp, this time for a direct attack, but Martin is allowed to sneak in ahead of the assault to find Debbie, who welcomes him. Martin kills Scar during the battle, and Ethan scalps him. Ethan then locates Debbie, and pursues her on horseback. Martin fears that he will shoot her as he has promised; but instead he sweeps her up onto his saddle. Let’s go home, he says. Debbie is brought to the Jorgensen ranch, and Martin reunites with Laurie. In an iconic closing scene, Ethan departs the homestead as he arrived—alone—clutching his arm, the cabin door slowly shutting on his receding image.
See No Evil	American	horror	Gregory Dark	Officer Frank Williams (Steven Vidler) and his partner Blaine investigate an abandoned house, where they find a young woman with her eyes ripped out. A large figure with an axe then murders Blaine and Frank has his arm chopped off before he is able to shoot the attacker in the head. Afterwards, detectives find seven bodies in the house, all of which have had their eyes ripped out. Four years later, Frank and his partner Hannah take a group of delinquents - Christine (Christina Vidal), Kira (Samantha Noble), Michael (Luke Pegler), Tyson (Michael J. Pagan), Zoe (Rachel Taylor), Melissa (Penny McNamee), Richie (Craig Horner), and Russell (Mikhael Wilder) to clean up the abandoned Blackwell Hotel in order to turn it into a homeless shelter, as explained by the owner Margaret (Cecily Polson). That night, while Michael, Zoe, Russell, and Melissa go upstairs to the penthouse, Tyson and Richie decide to look for the previous owner's safe, and find what appears to be the body of a recently deceased man. Richie panics and runs off, only to be dragged into an elevator with a hook by Jacob Goodnight (Kane). When Margaret mentions the elevator is being used, Hannah goes to check on the group, but is killed in the elevator. Christine tries to help Kira escape the hotel, but Jacob attacks Kira with his hook and drags her into a dumbwaiter. Christine and Frank go upstairs to find the others, and run into Tyson who tells them what happened to Richie. Frank realizes it must be Jacob and is then pulled into the ceiling by the hook and killed. Kira is held hostage by Jacob because of her religious tattoos, and is kept captive in a cage where she witnesses Richie having his eyes torn out. Melissa and Russell go off into a room on their own, but are chased by Jacob. Russell tries to lower Melissa out of a window, but he is killed by Jacob. Then, Jacob drops Melissa out the window. However, she survives her fall, but then she is killed by a pack of stray dogs. Jacob then attacks Michael and Zoe. Zoe nearly escapes from Jacob but her cell phone rings, alerting Jacob to her location. He subsequently kills her by forcing the cell phone down her throat. Michael finds Christine and Tyson as they try to rescue Kira, but they are attacked again by Jacob, who knocks out Michael while the other two escape up the elevator shaft. The pair find Kira but are interrupted by Jacob before they can release her. Tyson creates a distraction but is electrocuted with his own taser and crushed with the bank vault. Margaret then shows up, and reveals herself as Jacob's mother, who lured Frank back to the hotel to get revenge on him for shooting her son, and explains the prisoners are merely a bonus. Margaret attempts to shoot Kira, but Jacob intervenes and throws her headfirst into a nail on the wall. Michael reappears to help the girls battle Jacob, and the trio is eventually able to stab him through the eye with a pipe and throw him out of a window, where his heart is impaled by a shard of glass, apparently killing him.
Love in Bombay	Bollywood	romance	Joy Mukherjee	This film is a simple story of a village boy, Baadal (Joy Mukherjee) who meets a girl from the city, Preeti (Waheeda Rehman) in the most unusual circumstances and the couple eventually fall in love, and wish to get married only to find Preeti’s scheming father, played by Rehman and her fiancé, Roshan try all methods to separate the couple. There’s a lot of drama, jealousy, and a challenge that ensues, but Baadal ends up triumphant through it all. The most fun element was Kishore Kumar‘s character, Ganpat Rao who effortlessly makes you smile from the time he enters the scene. Then there’s the moment of unity for actor brothers, Ashok Kumar and Kishore Kumar which was heartwarming for more reasons than just their screen presence together.
The Constant Nymph	British	drama	Adrian Brunel	Young composer Lewis Dodd (Novello) travels to Austria to visit his mentor Albert Sanger (Georg Henrich). He meets Sanger's teenage daughters Tessa (Poulton), Antonia (Benita Hume), and Pauline (Dorothy Boyd) and Sanger's third wife Linda (Mary Clare), who does not appear to be liked by Sanger's daughters. The atmosphere is jovial and celebratory, until Sanger dies very suddenly. Lewis contacts the girls' uncle in Cambridge, who comes to Austria accompanied by his daughter Florence (Frances Doble). After a whirlwind courtship Lewis proposes to Florence, who eagerly accepts his offer of marriage. Tessa is distraught at the news. It is decided that Tessa and Pauline will be sent to a boarding school in England. Meanwhile Lewis and Florence attempt to settle down in London, but find that in the home setting things are very different and Lewis comes to feel trapped by the superficiality of London society and the realisation of his wife's ambitious, pushy nature. Tessa and Pauline are unhappy at school and decide to run away, arriving at the home of Lewis and Florence on the evening on which Florence has arranged a musical recital designed to showcase Lewis' talents to her influential friends. Florence is extremely annoyed by the interruption to her evening and allows the girls to stay, but with ill-disguised bad grace. Lewis is angry at his wife's attitude, and ends up taking her to task in front of the gathering, leaving her humiliated. The atmosphere in the household deteriorates as the attraction between Lewis and Tessa becomes increasingly obvious. Lewis begins to treat Florence with increasing disdain and lack of respect. As the date of Lewis' first public performance draws near, he decides to leave Florence after the concert, and Tessa agrees to leave with him. Florence is suspicious that something is afoot, challenges Tessa and the two end up in a serious argument, after which Florence forbids Tessa from attending the concert. Left locked in alone at home on the evening of the concert, Tessa manages to escape through a window and makes her way to the theatre. Lewis' performance is a big success, but afterwards he ignores the congratulatory gathering Florence has assembled in his dressing room, and instead heads off with Tessa to catch the boat train for Belgium. Tessa begins to feel ill as she boards the boat and her condition deteriorates as the journey progresses. When they finally arrive at a dreary back-street lodging house in Brussels, it is clear that Tessa is seriously ill and the guilt-stricken Lewis begins to write a letter to Tessa's uncle begging for help and attempting to make it clear that he alone is responsible for the situation and Tessa has done nothing to merit reproach. Before he can finish the letter however, Tessa collapses and dies.
Heartbeat	South_Korean	drama	Unknown	Yeon-hee (Kim Yunjin) is the principal of a prestigious English-teaching preschool in Gangnam. She is a well-off widow, and a devout Christian. Yeon-hee remains hopeful in her faith that her daughter Ye-eun will be able to get a heart transplant surgery. But Yeon-hee has hired black-market organ dealers to search a healthy heart for her daughter. One donor is a live illegal immigrant, and Yeon-hee cannot bring herself to take his life in exchange for sending money to his family abroad. Time after time, the donors slip through her hands. Tired of waiting, Yeon-hee takes matters into her own hands, and betrays her conscience. She pays an exorbitant amount of money to arrange a transplant: the donor is a patient in a persistent vegetative state, and thus unable to consent. Yeon-hee rationalizes to her doctor friend that the vegetative patient is an answered prayer and pleads him to perform the transplant. Out of her guilt, Yeon-hee monologues to the patient, and cries that she would even go to hell for the illegal surgery, if it could save her little Ye-eun. When the time nears for her daughter's heart transplant surgery, Lee Hwi-do (Park Hae-il), the son of the woman in the vegetative state, suddenly appears to stop the transplant. In the past, Hwi-do was a bad son often leeching money off of his mother. He parted ways with his mother, but when he learns of the current situation he tries to protect his mother. With only a single heart, Yeon-hee and Hwi-do are both desperate to save the one they love. Just when Yeon-hee is about to carry the patient in an ambulance, Hwi-do shows up and gets into the ambulance with them. During the ride, he confiscates the transplant contracts from Yeon-hee (signed by Kang, who dated Hwi-do's mother for money), and takes over the driver's seat. Yeon-hee runs after the ambulance, but it is gone. Hwi-do brings his mother to a hospital, but Yeon-hee tracks down the hospital. Hwi-do and his girlfriend visit Ye-eun's hospital room to take Ye-eun captive. Hwi-do decides that he won't abduct Ye-eun, until Yeon-hee calls him that she is sorry for taking his mother. He then kidnaps Ye-eun, of which Yeon-hee's doctor friend notifies Yeon-hee about. Ye-eun records a conversation on her teddy bear while telling Hwi-do that her mother is not a bad person. Hwi-do and his girlfriend form a friendship with Ye-eun. Still, Ye-eun uses the girlfriend's cellphone to text Yeon-hee the consonants of the location of Hwi-do's auto repair shop. Yeon-hee receives the text, and discovers Hwi-do's place. She tazes Kang and offers Hwi-do an exchange of persons, which Hwi-do refuses. Hwi-do locks Ye-eun in his car and Yeon-hee keeps his mother in her van. Yeon-hee ambushes Hwi-do and beats him up with a plank from the street, while the organ dealers hired by Yeon-hee help carry Ye-eun to the van. Hwi-do and his girlfriend watch them drive off. Injured, Hwi-do limps to the hospital, to beat up Yeon-hee. Meanwhile, Yeon-hee rushes Ye-eun to the emergency room. Ye-eun tells her on the rolling cot, Why did you hit someone like that? What if he died? I'm scared of you, Mom... Yeon-hee becomes weak in the knees and reflects. Hwi-do arrives and finds Yeon-hee sobbing and listening to the audio recorded by the teddy bear. Yeon-hee repents. She apologizes to Hwi-do and tells him that his mother would have done the same thing as she did, and that he should take his mother home. Hwi-do then finds his mother, and asks her to move her hand. But her heartbeat fails. Yeon-hee weeps with him, and Hwi-do tells Yeon-hee that his mother wishes the transplant to happen. Months later, during Christmas Eve, Yeon-hee and a healthy Ye-eun are in a car on the way to a restaurant. Ye-eun says that the car seems weird, and needs to be checked out. They arrive at Hwi-do's auto shop, where Ye-eun gives her teddy bear as a present to Hwi-do's now-pregnant girlfriend. Hwi-do invites Yeon-hee for dinner. Yeon-hee quietly goes into the back of the shop and smiles at the picture of Hwi-do's mother.
Alvin Purple Rides Again	Australian	comedy	David Bilcock, Robin Copping	Alvin Purple is unable to hold down a job because of his appeal to women. He and his friend Spike help a team of women cricketers win a match by playing in drag, and decide to spend their share of the prize money in a casino. Alvin discovers he is identical in appearance to gangster Balls McGee. When Balls is killed, Alvin is forced to take his place.
The Marshal of Mesa City	American	western	David Howard	Because the corrupt sheriff, Jud Cronin, won't leave her alone, schoolteacher Virginia King decides to leave Mesa City for good. Cronin's cronies intercept her stagecoach, but a passenger, retired lawman Cliff Mason, foils their plans. Virginia must accompany Cliff back to town because the stagecoach is damaged. There they discover a marshal has been murdered by Cronin's hired gun Pete Henderson, who gets away with the crime in court. Cliff is offered the marshal's badge and Duke Allison rides to town to become his deputy. In a shootout, Cronin is killed by Duke, who also perishes. Cliff and Virginia leave town together.
Tekken: Blood Vengeance	Japanese	animation	Youichi Mori	The plot, which takes place in an alternate storyline[4] between the events of Tekken 5 and Tekken 6, begins with Anna Williams setting up a decoy for her sister, Nina Williams, who is currently working with the new head of the Mishima Zaibatsu, Jin Kazama. Anna, on the other hand, works for Jin's father, Kazuya Mishima and its rival organization, G Corporation. Both are seeking information about a student named Shin Kamiya, and Anna dispatches a Chinese student, Ling Xiaoyu to act as a spy, while Jin sends humanoid robot Alisa Bosconovitch for a similar purpose. During their investigation, Xiaoyu and Alisa form a friendship, unaware that the other is working for their enemy, although they are forced to turn against one another when Shin is captured by an unknown assailant. It is here that Alisa is revealed to be a cyborg - although Alisa believes she possesses human qualities after she spares Xiaoyu's life. After coming to terms with each other, Xiaoyu is abandoned by Anna and G Corporation, and the two girls flee from their previous organizations, taking refuge in their teacher, Lee Chaolan's mansion. Xiaoyu and Alisa eventually discover genetic experiments had been done on Shin and his classmates, and believe that the Mishima family is seeking Shin, the sole survivor, and M gene subject, for his immortality. The pair discover that this had in fact, been an elaborate plan engineered by Heihachi Mishima, who used Shin to lure Kazuya and Jin and get the Devil Gene. After Heihachi disposes of Shin, he, Kazuya and Jin engaged in a triple threat brawl. During the fight, Kazuya and Jin become their devil forms. Ultimately, Jin is the victor, utilizing his devil powers. Heihachi then unleashes the ancient spirits of the Mokujins and a final fist burst by Alisa leaves Mokujin Heihachi open. Jin finishes him off, by an eye blast which slices it in half. Jin then leaves, telling Xiaoyu that he awaits a future challenge. The film ends with Alisa and Xiaoyu back at their school's festival with the pair planning to enter the next King of Iron Fist Tournament.
Dominion: Prequel to the Exorcist	American	horror	Paul Schrader	In 1944, a Nazi SS lieutenant named Kessel forces the parish priest of a small village in occupied Holland, Father Lankester Merrin (Stellan Skarsgård), to participate in arbitrary executions in retaliation for the murder of a German trooper in exchange for sparing the village. In 1947, Merrin, whose faith was shattered by the incident, is an archaeologist in Derati, a remote area in the Turkana region of British Kenya excavating a Byzantine church built around the 5th century — long before Christianity had reached that region of Africa. He meets up with Father Francis (Gabriel Mann), a Maryknoll missionary appointed to ensure the church is not desecrated, and Major Granville (Julian Wadham), the British military officer overseeing the dig. Making their way to Derati with Chuma (Andrew French), Merrin's translator and guide, Merrin introduces Francis to Rachel (Clara Bellar), a doctor who spent time in a concentration camp and is haunted by her experiences there, and Emekwi (Eddie Osei), an enthusiastic convert who provides accommodation for the two men. Merrin takes Francis on a tour of the dig site. Astonishingly, the church is in perfect condition, as though it had been deliberately buried immediately after its construction was completed. On the site, Merrin meets a shy, physically-deformed young boy named Cheche (Billy Crawford), shunned and mistreated by the locals for fear that he is cursed. Although dissuaded by Chuma, Merrin attempts to make contact with Cheche, finally managing to bring the boy to Rachel for medical treatment. Once the door is uncovered, Merrin, Francis, and Chuma go inside the church. Francis notices that this particular church is built in such a way as to restrain something beneath it. A hidden passageway leads them to a crypt containing a demonic idol - an ancient sanctuary where human sacrifice was performed. Merrin deduces that the church was built, not as a place of worship, but to seal this underground temple. On their way back, they find corpses of hyenas (who have appeared out of season) being eaten by a herd of cattle. The Turkana elders, thinking the church is evil, demand Merrin stop digging. Francis contacts Granville to send a detachment to guard the dig from potential robbers, despite Merrin's objections. Two British soldiers attempting to loot some precious stones from the church are then found dead the next day (one was beheaded; the other crucified to the altar head downward). Despite the Christian symbolism used in the murders and the testimony of Jomo (Israel Aduramo), a Turkana warrior who had long been keeping a wary eye on the site, that the two men were affected by a strange madness that caused them to kill each other, Granville, blaming the Turkana, goes to town in a fit of rage demanding the purported culprits be given up, shooting a young woman in cold blood when the locals protest. The town is then placed under military surveillance. Determined to stop the 'Christian evil' from spreading, Jomo breaks into the mission school and slaughters Francis' students - Emekwi's two sons - before he is shot on the spot by British soldiers. Emekwi bitterly questions if this is how God rewards those who keep faith with him. Francis has a disturbing realization that Cheche's unusual recovery is not caused by God, as he had thought. Fearing for Cheche's soul, he considers baptising him; the boy accepts on the condition it be held at the church. Meanwhile, a guilt-ridden and despairing Granville commits suicide by shooting himself in the mouth. The Turkana elders (via Chuma) demand that the church be reburied and Francis - who they hold responsible for the spread of the 'Christian evil' and the arrival of the British troops - and Cheche be handed over to them to be killed; when their demands are turned down, war between the two sides become inevitable. Francis, assisted by Rachel, begins to baptise Cheche at the church; as they do so, however, the demon controlling Cheche assaults them. Realising an exorcism is in order, Francis leaves quickly to fetch his copy of the Roman Ritual. The demon removes Cheche's deformities and transforms him into a hairless, androgynous 'perfect' being; an earthquake erupts and seals off the entrance to the church. The Sergeant-Major (Ralph Brown), Granville's second-in-command who had assumed control of the troops after the latter's death, postpones Merrin's requests to clear the entrance for daybreak. The next morning, Merrin and the British find Francis tied to a tree naked, shot with arrows. Taken back to the hospital to be looked after by Emekwi's wife, the dying Francis reveals to Merrin that Cheche is possessed and begs him to perform an exorcism. Another earthquake shifts the rocks, unblocking the church entrance just enough to allow Merrin to go inside. At the underground temple, Merrin finds Rachel – who runs away under a trance – and the possessed Cheche. Merrin rushes back to the infirmary to wear Francis' vestments, and goes back to the church to begin the exorcism. The demon offers Merrin a chance to rewrite his past, at which Merrin (in a hallucination) finds himself back in 1944 Holland: when he refuses to cooperate, Kessel instead has Merrin and all the villagers killed for his defiance. When Merrin comes back to his senses, the demon mocks the futility of his attempt to change what happened. As Merrin recommences the exorcism, a supernatural aurora appears in the sky, the entranced Rachel attempts to kill herself, Emekwi violently beats his wife and the Turkana charge to battle. Despite the evil spirit's resistance, the exorcism succeeds. Cheche regresses to his former condition as the demon leaves his body and enters that of a hyena. With the demon driven out of Derati, life returns to normal and the British detachment leave. One of the local elders, however, warns that the demon will pursue Merrin. Bidding farewell to Rachel and Cheche, now serving as Rachel's assistant at the infirmary, Merrin, who has regained his faith and is an active priest once more, leaves for Rome.
Cannon for Cordoba	American	western	Paul Wendkos	It is 1912 and groups of Mexican revolutionaries have been attacking towns on both sides of the Mexican–American border. The most powerful of these groups is led by a former Mexican army general, Héctor Cordoba. When a surprise attack results in six cannons falling into the hands of Cordoba and his men, the United States government puts General John J. Blackjack Pershing in charge of seeing that the cannons will never be used against the American people. Pershing turns to Captain Rod Douglas, instructing him to gather a group of men to take part in the dangerous mission into the heart of the Cordoba's territory. The first man to sign up for the job is Jackson Harkness, a soldier who has worked with Douglas before. At the beginning of the film, Harkness has to stand by and watch as his brother is tortured and killed by Cordoba. Douglas ordered him not to step in because they were undercover as sympathizers in the enemy camp and could not afford to make their true intentions known. As a result, Harkness vows vengeance on the captain and will not leave his side until the opportunity presents itself. The next two men that Douglas chooses for the operation are Andy Rice, and Peter, who have just broken out of the army jail when Douglas arrives with the orders for their release. The captain now has all of the men that he feels are necessary for getting the job done. However, a Mexican lieutenant, Antonio Gutierrez, who holds a personal grudge against Cordoba, approaches him and demands to be part of the operation. He tells Douglas that he knows a woman, Leonora Cristobal who, for her own reasons, wishes to see Cordoba dead. If the captain includes him in the mission, she will help them by working her way into Cordoba’s confidence and getting him alone so that he will be vulnerable when they make their move. Antonio and Leonora arrive at Cordoba’s camp first. Leonora, who learns that the Mexican government wants to capture Cordoba alive, betrays Antonio and informs the bandit leader of his intentions, hoping that he will reward her for what she has done by allowing her to get closer to him, giving her the opportunity to kill him herself. When Douglas, Andy, Peter, and Harkness arrive at the camp, posing as sympathizers, they hear of what Leonora has done and decide that they have to act quickly. Douglas starts a fight with one of the Mexican men, so as to be put in jail, where he can help Antonio to escape. That night, Andy, disguised as a Mexican guards, breaks both of the men out of jail so that the operation can proceed. Douglas goes to Cordoba’s room, where he finds him alone with Leonora. She betrayed Antonio but she still did the job she was supposed to do. Meanwhile, Jackson and Peter have turned the cannons on the camp and begin to fire, while Andy and Antonio shoot flares into the buildings. Chaos ensues and the group of men, along with Leonora and their prisoner, Cordoba, attempt to ride out of the camp. Peter, Antonio, and Andy are killed in the process, and Cordoba is wounded. The next morning, miles away from the camp, the diminished group stops to rest. When Douglas goes off by himself, Harkness sees his opportunity to avenge his brother. He follows the captain, demands that he turn around, and draws his gun. As Douglas walks unflinchingly toward him, however, he is unable to shoot and, instead, punches him. All now forgiven, the two men walk back to where Leonora waits. Cordoba has died from the wound he received the previous night. They are not able to bring him back alive, as the government had wanted, but the cannons were destroyed and their mission is complete.
The Law West of Tombstone	American	western	Glenn Tyron	A Judge Roy Bean figure dispenses justice in Arizona. He teams up with the Tonto Kid to fight the McQuinn gang.
The Haunting in Connecticut	American	horror	Peter Cornwell	In 1987, Sara Campbell (Virginia Madsen) is driving her son Matthew (Kyle Gallner) home from the hospital where he has been undergoing cancer treatments. Sara and her husband Peter (Martin Donovan), a recovering alcoholic, discuss finding a rental house closer to the hospital. On another hospital visit, Sara finds a man putting up a “For Rent” sign in front of a large house. The man is frustrated and offers her the first month free if she will rent it immediately. The following day, Peter arrives with Matt's brother Billy (Ty Wood) and cousins Wendy (Amanda Crew) and Mary, and they choose rooms. Matt chooses the basement, where there is a mysterious door. After moving in, Matt suffers a series of visions involving an old, bearded man and corpses with symbols carved into their skin. The next day, Peter learns that the house was supposedly a funeral home; the room behind the mysterious door is a mortuary. Matt tells another patient, Reverend Nicholas Popescu (Elias Koteas), about the visions. Nicholas advises him to find out what the spirit wants. Later, Matt finds a burned figure in his room who begins to move toward him. When the family comes home, they find a shirtless Matt with his fingers blood-covered from scratching at the wall. The family begins to crack under the stress of Matt's illness and bizarre behavior. The children find a box of photographs, which show Jonah, a young man from Matt's visions, at a séance, emitting ectoplasm. Wendy and Matt find out that the funeral home was run by a man named Ramsey Aickman. Aickman also conducted psychic research and would host séances with Jonah as the medium. At one séance, all those attending, including Aickman, were found dead and Jonah disappeared. Nicholas theorizes that Aickman was practicing necromancy in an attempt to control the dead and bind them to the house. That night, Nicholas finds human remains in the house and removes them. Matt awakens to find Aickman’s symbols carved into his flesh. He is taken to the hospital, where he encounters Jonah. Nicholas and Matt begin to have simultaneous visions. Everyone in the séance is burnt, after a flash of bright light. The barely alive Aickman told Jonah to get out of the house, concerned that the demonic presence will get him next. Jonah uses a dumbwaiter to escape, calling for help. Entering an unknown chamber, Jonah realizes that he has entered the crematory. The spirit traps Jonah in the crematory, and cremates him alive. Peter and Sara learn that Matt's cancer treatments have had no effect. They then discover that Matt has escaped the hospital. Back at the house, Nicholas leaves a message telling the family to get out of the house immediately – Jonah's spirit was actually protecting them from the spirits. Matt breaks through the walls in the front room with an axe, revealing the dusty corpses Aickman hid in the walls. He forces Wendy and the children to get out, barricading himself inside and tearing down the other walls, as corpses begin to tumble into the room. The view switches from Matt to Jonah, who seems to be occupying Matt's body. Matt lights the bodies and the room on fire. As the fire department arrives, Sara and Peter frantically try to get in to save Matt. The spirits, finally freed, disappear. Outside, everyone watches tearfully as the emergency crew attempts to resuscitate a dying Matt. As Matt slips away, he has a vision of himself standing in the graveyard where he sees Jonah, no longer appearing burnt. He seems about to follow Jonah when he hears his mother’s voice. He returns to his body and Jonah's spirit leaves him. Matt's cancer disappears, and the house was rebuilt and resold with no further reported incidents of haunting.
Cleopatra Jones and the Casino of Gold	American	action	Charles Bail	The story begins with two government agents, Matthew Johnson and Melvin Johnson, being captured by the Dragon Lady (Stella Stevens). Cleopatra Jones then travels to Hong Kong to rescue the agents. Jones pairs up with Tanny (Ni Tien) and ends up in the Dragon Lady’s casino, which, in actuality, is the headquarters for her underground drug empire. Jones and Tanny use their combat skills to battle the Dragon Lady’s henchmen and rescues the agents.[2]
Forever Flows	Bangladeshi	drama	Abu Sayeed	Nirontor (Forever Flows) portrays the struggle of Thithi, a young girl who comes of a lower-middle-class family. Tithi takes up the job of a call girl to support her family. In course of time the economical condition of the family changes. But slowly Tithi becomes very much aloof and indifferent to everything. She takes refuge in solitude.
Busy Buddies	American	animation	Hanna-Barbera	Joan and George are going out and tell the babysitter, Jeannie, to look after an unnamed baby. However, she is more interested in talking on the telephone. At first, Tom and Jerry take the opportunity to help themselves to some food, Jerry helps himself to some cookies and Tom helps himself to a watermelon and milk, but they soon discover the baby crawling away while Jeannie continues to talk on the phone, unaware. Tom and Jerry rescue the baby from increasingly dangerous hazards, such as the cupboards, the sink, a curtain rod, the heating ducts, a flagpole, and a mailbox down the street (which leads to them being shot at by rogue police officers). Tom goes home with the baby, but suddenly the baby falls in the sky. Tom gets a stroller, but the baby uses a diaper as a parachute, and floats to safety. Jeannie is unaware through all of this (even when the baby crawls over her), and at one point even hits Tom with a book for bothering the baby when he returns the baby to the crib. At the end, Joan and George return and ask Jeannie how things went. She explains that she had a little trouble with Tom, but the baby was no trouble at all. Then the camera cuts to the baby on the crib and he winks at the audience as the cartoon closes.
The Diamond Man	British	crime	Arthur Rooke	The Diamond Man is about an orphan who takes the blame for her sister's crime, and later reveals her boss as her evil husband.
Wetherby	British	drama	David Hare	Set in the town of Wetherby in West Yorkshire, the film focuses on Jean Travers, a middle-aged spinster schoolteacher. One evening, she invites married friends for a dinner party, only to have some terrible repressions and past traumas dredged up when guest John Morgan expresses his emotional pain. The strange young man arrives at Jean's cottage the next morning with a gift of pheasants. While sitting at the kitchen table waiting for tea, he puts the barrel of a gun in his mouth and kills himself. From this point onward, the film's story is told in chronologically discrete, interlocking flashbacks to the recent and distant past, showing actions and events as seen and experienced from various points of view. The central mystery of Morgan's suicide is the fulcrum around which the narrative turns. The narrative construction of the film resembles a jigsaw puzzle and, in keeping with Hare's style of exposition, frequently appears to have key pieces missing. There are further scenes of the dinner party as well as scenes of the police investigation into the suicide. We learn Morgan had not been an invited guest—he walked in with others who assumed he was an acquaintance of Jean's, and Jean assumed that her friends had brought him with them. An aloof and peculiar young woman named Karen Creasy—a former acquaintance of Morgan's—is delivered from the funeral to Jean's doorstep by Mike Langdon, one of the policemen conducting the inquest. For several weeks after, the girl insinuates herself into Jean's life and home and shows no intention of leaving. Sullen and self-centred, Karen is curiously unmoved by Morgan's death and is even hostile to his memory. It is later shown in flashbacks that Morgan had developed an obsession with Karen when they were both students at the University of Essex, and she had violently rebuffed his desperate attempt to initiate a relationship with her. It is implied this rejection may have been a factor in his decision to leave Essex for Yorkshire with the intention of committing suicide. When Jean suggests to Karen that she may have been responsible for Morgan's decision to kill himself, the young woman angrily denies that her behaviour was, or is, in any way provocative. Karen makes it clear that she hates emotional involvements—what she harshly describes as people digging into each other—and likewise resents Jean's attempt to engage her in a close relationship. In a sudden fit of pique, Karen quits Jean's home and Wetherby for good. But before leaving, she cruelly taunts Jean by remarking that, if Morgan's suicide wasn't merely an accident, then she would love to know what possible role the spinster played in causing it. In addition to the events occurring in the present day, there are flashbacks of Jean and her lifelong friend, Marcia, as teenagers in 1953. These scenes reveal Jean had been engaged to airman, Jim Mortimer, and that she failed to stop him from going away on active service in southeast Asia. In a brutal twist of fate, Jim was senselessly murdered in a gambling den during the anti-imperial uprisings in British Malaya. As these episodes from the past and present criss-cross and overlap, Jean begins to understand the dull resentment and lonely despair that drove Morgan to take his life. She also seems to gain some insight into the restlessness and self-destructive impulses of the younger generation. In a related incident, she tries to get one of her female students to see the value of continuing her education (At the end of the film, Jean is told that the girl has dropped out of the Sixth Form to run away to London, presumably with a boyfriend). Jean is likewise affected by the diminished hopes of her contemporaries, who bemoan the state of the country under Thatcherism. She regularly discusses these current matters with Stanley Pilborough, Marcia's husband and the town solicitor, who is often purposefully drunk. She observes the unhappy marriages of her middle-aged friends, particularly the endless bickering that goes on between Roger and Verity Braithwaite. Even lonely, despondent Mike Langdon confesses the failure of his relationship with his mistress, Chrissie, who eventually leaves him to return to her sheep farmer husband. In the end, it seems that Jean no longer needs to mourn for the life she might have had, and the person she might have become, had she not allowed her fiancé to make his fatal departure for Malaya three decades earlier. She will make the best of what she has, and the way things are, in the here and now.
House	American	horror	Steve Miner	Author Roger Cobb is a troubled man, having been separated from his wife; their only son Jimmy disappeared without a trace and his aunt committed suicide by hanging. On top of everything else, he has been pressured by his publisher to write another book. To the chagrin of his fans and publisher, Cobb plans a novel based on his experiences in Vietnam, instead of another horror story, as a way to purge himself of the horrors that he had experienced while there. After his aunt's funeral, Cobb decides to live inside her house to write instead of selling it, as recommended by the estate attorney. After moving in, Cobb begins to have powerful graphic nightmares, including thoughts about his comrade, Big Ben, who died in Vietnam. In addition, strange phenomena spring forth from the house, haunting him in his waking hours. He tries communicating his fears to his next door neighbor Harold, but he thinks that Cobb is crazy. One night while investigating a noise coming from his late aunt's bedroom, Cobb is attacked by a deformed monster inside the closet. Soon, more attacks occur: levitating garden tools attack him, his wife appears and transforms into a hideous hag-like creature to attack him, and gremlin creatures attempt to kidnap a neighbor's child whom Cobb is reluctantly babysitting. Eventually Cobb discovers an entry into a sinister other-world through the bathroom medicine cabinet and is pulled into the darkness, where he fortuitously locates his lost son Jimmy. Cobb manages to escape with Jimmy but is soon confronted by an undead Big Ben who wants revenge on him; Ben was taken prisoner and tortured before dying, and he blames Cobb for failing to save him. Cobb confronts Ben, no longer afraid of his fears, and destroys him with explosives as he and his son escape the burning house. In the end, he triumphantly glances back at the house while regaining control of his life and reunites with his wife and child.
Bawre Nain	Bollywood	romance	Kidar Sharma	Chand lives in a small rural town in India. He is unable to pay the rent, and his landlord evicts him. He re-locates to another town and meets with a young woman named Tara. Both are attracted to each other. Chand is unable to secure employment in this town, and moves elsewhere. Tara waits for several months, but does not hear anything from him. So she decides to go and look for him, hoping to re-kindle her love. She is shocked and surprised to find him with an attractive woman named Rajni, who claims that Chand is her betrothed and both are to get married soon.
Funeral Home	Canadian	horror	William Fruet	At the beginning of the summer, Heather arrives in a small unnamed town to stay with her grandmother, Maude Chalmers, whose house—a former funeral home—has recently been converted into an inn. Maude's husband, James, an undertaker, has been missing for several years, and she has been forced to make a living selling artificial flower arrangements in town; she hopes to supplant her income by opening the home to traveling guests. Billy Hibbs, a mentally-challenged man, lives with Maude as the property handyman. Nearby, a farmer named Sam reports an abandoned vehicle discovered on his property, which is traced to a missing real estate developer who had been surveying the area. At the inn on the evening of Heather's arrival, guests Harry Browning and his mistress Florie check in. When Maude realizes the couple are unmarried, she asks them to leave, but they refuse. That evening after having drinks, they drive to a local quarry recommended by Heather; while there, Maude's truck arrives, smashing the back of their car and pushing them into the water below, where they both drown. The same night, Heather goes on a date with Rick, a local teenager, and returns home to hear her Maude speaking to an unseen man in the basement. When she inquires, Maude denies it. The next day, while Maude is in town, Rick stops by the house. He tells Heather that her grandfather, James, was a known alcoholic, and recounts a story from his childhood in which Mr. Chalmers had locked he and a friend in the funeral home's basement to scare them. The two explore the property while Maude is gone; in the garage, they discover Mr. Chalmer's Cadillac hearse, and Heather finds a necklace with the initials H.D. engraved on it. That evening, Heather again hears Maude speaking to someone in the basement, this time arguing with a male voice about a woman named Helena Davis. Heather discovers Helena has been missing for some time, and was rumored to be have eloped with her grandfather. Mr. Davis, Helena's husband, arrives at the house to ask Maude about the alleged affair, which she denies ever occurred. Later that evening, Mr. Davis is murdered with a pickaxe. The following day while Heather and Rick are swimming in the quarry, Florie and Harry's bodies are discovered. Heather confides in Rick that she believes her grandmother is hiding someone in the basement. That evening, they return to the house. Upon finding that Maude is not home, the two decide to explore the basement. There they discover Billy's corpse, and are attacked by Maude, who, imitating her husband's voice, scolds Heather for coming into the basement. Maude attempts to kill Heather with an axe and she flees through the basement, discovering a hidden room where her James's corpse rests in a bed of Maude's artificial flowers. Just as Maude is about to strike Heather with the axe, she lapses out of her dissociative identity. The police arrive at the scene in the basement, and Joe asks Maude if they can talk about what has occurred. She agrees, so long as she can prepare a cup of tea. Later, Joe, a local police officer, explains to a news reporter that Maude had murdered James and Helena, his mistress, after discovering their affair. After, she preserved James's corpse, and buried both Helena and Mr. Davis in the local graveyard.
Abandoned Mine	American	horror	Jeff Chamberlain	Five friends explore a supposedly haunted mine to celebrate Halloween, exactly one-hundred years after a family was murdered in the mine. They soon find to their horror that the ghostly rumors may be true as they fight for survival.
3,2,1... Frankie Go Boom	American	comedy	Jordan Roberts	Two brothers (Charlie Hunnam and Chris O'Dowd) seek the help of a transgender hacker (Ron Perlman) in erasing all evidence of a sex tape from the internet before the unhinged movie star father (Chris Noth) of the girl involved (Lizzy Caplan) seeks violent revenge. Cast member Lizzy Caplan described the plot: It's about a guy whose life has been ruined by a YouTube video that has gone viral and so he's been hiding out and he gets brought back into civilization (because he's been living in the middle of nowhere) by his really manipulative, horrible brother. And everybody in his life is sort of terrible [and it's about] how he deals with that.[2]
 The Pacifier	American	comedy	Adam Shankman	U.S. Navy SEAL Lieutenant Shane Wolfe is assigned to rescue Howard Plummer, a man working on a top-secret government project, from a group of Serbian rebels. Shane and his team get Plummer off an enemy boat, though while boarding the escape helicopter, the team is under attack by enemy fire. Plummer is killed in the attack, and Shane is shot and spends two months in the hospital. After Shane recovers, he meets up with his commanding officer, Captain Bill Fawcett, who reveals that he is assigned to escort Plummer's widow, Julie, to Zürich, where Plummer's safety deposit box has been discovered, while Shane is assigned to stay at the Plummer residence, in Bethesda, Maryland, to search for the secret project called GHOST and look after the family's five children: Zoe, Seth, Lulu, Peter, and Baby Tyler. The kids prove to be difficult to handle, even with the help of nanny Helga, who quits when one of Zoe and Seth's pranks intended for Shane goes wrong. Shane begins to discover the children's problems and issues, including Seth and Zoe's poor performances at school, being constantly criticized by the school's vice-principal, Duane Murney, and that Lulu is member of a girl scout troop called the Firefly Scouts who are constantly bullied by a rival boy scout troop called the Junior Grizzlies whenever they attempt to sell cookies at the local Costco store. Shane eventually earns the children's trust and cooperation when he stops a home invasion orchestrated by two masked ninjas, who attempt to steal a CD-R copy of the film Ghost, mistaking it for the secret project. Later, Murney informs Shane that Seth has cut and bleached his hair, has a Nazi armband in his locker, and has skipped every wrestling practice for a month. At home, Seth tells Shane he only joined the wrestling team because of his father. After Seth sneaks out of the house, Shane leaves Zoe in charge and follows him to the town theater, where he learns that Seth has secretly joined an amateur production of The Sound of Music. The director quits when he believes the show will be a failure. Shane volunteers to take his place, and juggles this task with taking care of the house, giving Zoe driving lessons, and teaching Lulu and the Firefly Scouts martial arts to defend themselves against the rival boy scout troop. Seth quits the wrestling team, and when Murney again berates him for doing this, Shane challenges Murney to a wrestling match in front of the entire school, and easily wins despite Murney's show of bluster. The training Shane gives the Firefly Scouts becomes useful when they once again have a conflict with the thuggish scouts. Zoe and Shane share stories of their fathers, both of whom died in similar circumstances. They are interrupted by a phone call from Julie, who has figured out the password, retrieved a large key from Howard's box, and is on her way home. The kids immediately plan a Welcome Home party. That evening, Shane discovers a secret vault underneath the garage, which requires a key to open. When Bill and Julie arrive home, Bill and Shane go to the garage, where Bill proudly congratulates Shane for his work and Shane says he is rethinking his career. Just then, the two ninjas who previously invaded the Plummers' home, arrive armed and pull off their masks, revealing themselves as the Plummers' North Korean communist neighbors, the Chuns. Bill suddenly knocks Shane unconscious, revealing himself to be a double agent. Mr. Chun restrains and guards the children while Bill and Mrs. Chun take Julie down to the vault. They open the door, but a dangerous security system prevents them from going further. The children work together to take down Mr. Chun who then makes fun of Lulu’s fighting stance, promting Lulu to drive her foot into his testicles.The children escape and awaken Shane, who sends the kids to get the police while he goes to the vault to help Julie. Mr. Chun follows them in his car; with Zoe at the wheel, the kids force him to crash into a car dealership. Shane gets past the security system using a dance Howard had used to make Peter go to sleep each night, called the Peter Panda Dance. Julie knocks out Mrs. Chun, and Shane's voice activates the final vault, knocking out Bill with the door. By then, the children have lured a large crowd of police to the house. Mr. Chun arrives and holds all of them at gunpoint. Shane notices school principal and love interest Claire Fletcher right behind him, having followed the chase when she saw it pass by the school. Shane distracts Mr. Chun with the aide of Gary the family's pet duck, and Claire knocks him unconscious. With the mission accomplished and Bill and the Chuns arrested, Shane and the Plummers say their goodbyes, and Shane and Claire kiss. At Seth's performance, it is revealed that Shane has retired from the Navy and joined the school staff as the new wrestling coach. Murney also performs in the play, singing Climb Ev'ry Mountain off-key while dressed in a nun's habit.
Wrestling Ernest Hemingway	American	drama	Randa Haines	Frank is a retired Irish seaman. Walter is a retired Cuban barber. They are two lonely old men living in Florida, trapped in the emptiness of their own lives. When they meet in a park, the flamboyant Frank is finally able to start a conversation with the introverted Walter after several attempts. They begin to spend time together and become friends, sometimes meeting at the snack shop where Walter orders the same food every day and becomes fond of Elaine, a young waitress. Frank's salty talk and crude behavior in public offend Walter and threaten their friendship. In the meantime, Frank attempts to start a romance with Georgia, a woman he meets at the movies, while dealing with Helen, his landlord who is put off by his manner.
Yellow Hair	South_Korean	drama	Kim Yu-min	Yu-na and Sang-hee are two young women with dyed-yellow hair who live and sleep together, and do not care for the usual responsibilities of life, simply doing what they want. At a club that they frequent, they meet Yeong-kyu, another person drifting through life, and Yu-na brings him back to their apartment. Yu-na and Yeong-kyu strike up a sexual relationship, and Sang-hee joins in as well. They two girls are very sexually open with one another, but they become furious when they learn that Yeong-kyu has started seeing an ex-girlfriend, and the girls kill her out of anger. Delirious after a group of young men beat him and the two girls, and rape Yu-na, Yeong-kyu tells the girls that he needs to go see the woman they just murdered. Furious, Yu-na and Sang-hee kill Yeong-kyu, and proceed to vandalize the closed bar that they had taken Yeong-kyu to. When the police catch up with the two girls at the bar, yellow hair having been found in the murdered woman's apartment, they find the two girls having sex with one another.
Bastu Shaap	Bengali	drama	Kaushik Ganguly	Kushal (Parambrata Chatterjee) and Timir (Kaushik Ganguly) are Vaastu Shastra experts who are hired by Arjun (Abir Chatterjee) to examine the Vaastu of his Bungalow in Darjeeling. Kushal is instructed to masquerade as Arjun's school friend and Timir as Kushal's business partner, and are brought in to Arjun's Bungalow for the project under the pretext of a chance reunion between Arjun and Kushal. Arjun introduces them to his older sister Antara (Churni Ganguly) and his wife Bonya (Raima Sen), who seemingly recognizes Kushal. It becomes apparent that the household is in a disarray. Years earlier, Arjun and his family met with a car accident, due to which Arjun has suffered a permanent injury to his leg, and Antara has lost her husband and her only child. Upon Arjun's recovery, he moved to Darjeeling, but the family is unable to recuperate from their losses. Arjun and Bonya become distant while Antara obsesses over Bonya's son as a coping mechanism for losing her own, which creates tension between Bonya and Antara. Timir and Kushal get to work on their Vaastu Shastra modifications to the Bungalow. It is also revealed in interleaved flashbacks that Kushal and Bonya had met earlier after Bonya's family accident at the same hospital, where Arjun and Kushal's wife were admitted. Kushal and Bonya developed a slow friendship, and he gave her a crystal ball, asking her to put it beside Arjun's bed in hopes of speeding his recovery. One day Bonya visits Kushal's house and she sees a painting of Kushal's palm painted by Kushal's wife, dubbed The Lotus. Arjun recovers from his coma soon after, but Kushal's wife dies the same day. Kushal leaves for his wife's cremation while Bonya unable to find him moves on with Arjun. Kushal sees The Lotus hanging on Bonya's bedroom wall. Bonya is distraught with Arjun no longer being attracted to her, and the two express their love for each other momentarily. Bonya asks Kushal to do everything in his power to restore Arjun back to her. The very next day Arjun challenges Kushal to a duel, with Timir serving as Kushal's champion. After reaching a stalemate, Arjun decides to settle the duel on a suddent death -- Bonya would volunteer with a bottle on her head as the target for the shooters. Timir, realizing Kushal's love and fear for Bonya's safety deliberately loses the duel. Later that night Arjun rudely asks Kushal and Timir to leave his Bungalow the next morning after collecting their fees. Kushal agrees to leave, but instead of money he says he wants to take away with him their Bastu-Shaap -- a snake or a curse that lives in a household and yet is not killed or warded off despite being a potential danger to everyone in the house, since everyone gets used to it. He says this is the least he can do for the family before he departs without completing his project. He asks to take with him The Lotus, which Arjun confesses to have never liked, although Bonya always refused to give it away. He privately also asks Antara to leave Arjun and Bonya alone in their house and come with him to an NGO to take care of orphan children -- a place that would fulfil her need to be a motherly figure while leaving Arjun and Bonya to resume a normal family. Next morning, Antara is nowhere to be found and Arjun departs to search for her. Kushal bids farewell to Bonya who asks him to take his old crystal ball and bring it to her father who is very sick, believing that it will miraculously save him, just like it saved Arjun in the past. Driving out of the Bungalow Kushal and Timir meet Arjun, who confesses that he heard Bonya and Arjun professing their love for each other, when Bonya accidentally dropped her phone and it dialed his number. He says that hearing them, made him jealous and realize how much he loved and was possessive about Bonya and hence the duel and him throwing Kushal and Timir out rudely earlier. Later down the road they meet Antara, who was waiting for them to arrive. She gets in their car, and asks if the scarf she was knitting earlier would fit anyone in the orphanage. Kushal smiles and realizes that Antara has agreed to move out of Arjun and Bonya's household, and move on with her life. The three drive away and fade into the hilly fog of Darjeeling having effectively solved all of Arjun and Bonya's household problems.
Boss 2: Back to Rule	Bangladeshi	action	Baba Yadav	The Story revolves around Surya(Jeet), a public figure who is now hated by the people of India due to an apparent missing of their money kept in Business bank, a bank built by Surya for his people. Gopinath, Surya's loved minister was killed by an unknown person due to various enmities. Surya was forced to leave India due to repeated threats by the people and the police. He dressed as a Rock musician and sneaked into Dhaka, Bangladesh, to look for Prince Shahnawaz Hussain(Amit Hasan), who had earlier promised to donate a huge sum for his company, Surya Industries. But later he came to know that he betrayed him and went off to Bangkok,Thailand. In Dhaka, Aisha(Nusraat Faria) who was actually Shahnawaz's daughter helped Surya to overcome various problems and come to Bangkok. In Bangkok, during an action scene on the top of Shahnawaz's building, we come to know that actually Bidyut Shivalkar(Indraneil Sengupta), Gopinath's son, who Surya had believed to be his friend due to his enormous contributions to his industry, was the one who tricked Surya by stealing all the money in the bank with a hope to become a wealthy man. He is also the man who killed his father by gunfire due to greed of property. The people who helped him were Prince Shahnawaz Hussain(Amit Hasan) and Avinash Burman(Kaushik Sen), another politician friend of Gopinath, with the same intention.Surya escaped them by jumping down the building using a rope. He is soon able to kill Shahnawaz with the help of Aisha, who hates her father for killing many people including her mother. He also is able to poison Avinash to death while asleep, in spite of the huge security. But then the plot turns around when Bidyut captures Aisha and Rusha(Subhasree Ganguly), Surya's lover.But finally, in an action scene, he is able to save both of them and gets hold of Bidyut. He also thus is able to win back the lost money. Bidyut is sent to jail and a victorious Surya is once again able to bring happiness to his people and criticizes them for losing their trust on him. Nevertheless, the film ends on a happy note with Surya being able to win back the trust of the people.
The Haunted House of Horror	British	horror	Michael Armstrong	In swinging London, a group of twenty-something friends are attending a rather dull party, and they decide to gather for kicks at an old supposedly haunted mansion where one of their number used to play as a child. Among the group is American ringleader Chris, his bored partygirl girlfriend Sheila, promiscuous Sylvia who has her eye on handsome two-timing Gary, and his good girl date Dorothy. Also tagging along are nervous, heavy-set Madge and her sarcastic, hot-tempered boyfriend Peter, sweet faced Richard, and his friend Henry. They are all followed by Paul Kellet, Sylvia's older jealous married ex-boyfriend. They have fun exploring the mansion, even holding a seance before separating one by one by candlelight on the moonlit night. Sylvia, frightened by the mansion, leaves and hitchhikes toward home, but Kellet hangs behind at the mansion. While all the partiers are alone, Gary is brutally knifed; his body is discovered by the panic-stricken Dorothy and the others. Since some of them have a criminal record, Chris convinces the group to leave Gary's body far from the home and to pretend that Gary left and no one knows where he went. They are all shaken by Chris' assertion that one of them must be the murderer. During the next few weeks, the survivors are possessed by tension and guilt, and after Gary is reported missing, they are further shaken by questioning from the police. Kellet confronts Sylvia, learning that she may have lost a lighter that could link them at the mansion. He returns there where he is also killed. Dorothy calls the survivors together to ask to confess. However, Chris convinces them to return to the house to discover who among them is the killer before they all succumb to a gruesome death. Meanwhile, Sylvia is visited by the police again, and she discloses the location of the house after learning of Kellet's disappearance. At the mansion, Dorothy becomes hysterical, prompting several of the group to depart, leaving just Chris, Sheila, and Richard. While Sheila is out of the room, Richard recounts a tale of how he was locked in a basement for three days as a child and how he has a paralyzing fear of the dark or anyone he suspects will lock him away. Despite Chris' efforts, he is also knifed and Sheila is frantically chased around the mansion. Just as Richard is about to strike, the moon goes behind a cloud, bringing about his reversion to childhood and fear of the dark, thus saving Sheila as the police arrive.
Geng: The Adventure Begins	Malaysian	animation	Unknown	Bored with nothing to do for their school holidays, Badrol invites his best friend Lim to go on a camping trip at his old Kampung where he grew up, with intentions to experience some long-forgotten true Malaysian life in his Grandfather’s durian orchard. However their simple holiday trip is cut short by the discovery of a clue that leads them closer to the rumours of the mystery house deep in the forest. Together with their newly found friends, Raju the animal-whispering boy, Ros the village beauty, and her two cute twin brothers, Upin and Ipin, they work together to unravel the secrets surrounding the small Kampung.[2]
Confessions of a Sorority Girl	American	drama	Uli Edel	The movie takes place in the 1950s. Sabrina Masterson is a conceited and wealthy teenager who is sent by her own mother to college to live at Alpha Beta Pi, a sorority house, because she couldn't handle her any more, explaining she was too evil. Upon her arrival, she is welcomed by everyone and assigned as the roommate of Rita Summers, the sorority president and most adored and popular girl. Sabrina soon takes an interest in her boyfriend Mort, who owns a bar at the beach, near the sorority house, and will soon enroll into medical school, hoping to become a doctor. She tries to flirt with him, but is unamused by his indifference. She soon starts taking it out on Rita and her friends Tina and Ellie, often embarrassing them or making catty remarks without directly confronting or insulting them. In spite of that, Rita still tries to befriend Sabrina and tells her about her bad relationship with her mother, explaining that she is often too busy to talk to her. Sabrina tries to upset her even more by saying that her relationship with her mother is very good. It soon turns out that isn't true. Mrs. Masterson gives her a surprise visit, expressing her disappointment in her. She tells Sabrina that she wants her to be more like her older sister Julia, who was once the sorority president, and terminates her allowance because of breaking a rule. Later that day, Sabrina and Ellie overhear Tina announcing that she is pregnant of her boyfriend Jimmy, who she secretly sees. Tina expresses her worries, considering an abortion. Sabrina helps her out not getting caught and thereby wins their trust. The next day, Ellie and Tina nominate her for sorority president, meaning she will be competing against Rita. When she finds out she can only become president if her grades for French are better, she seduces her teacher and later blackmails him. Later that night, she blackmails Rita to give up her title as sorority president, threatening to reveal that her mother is in jail if she doesn't. The next day, she is upset to find out her mother doesn't share her joy of becoming president, explaining she is too busy to attend the ceremony. She tries to find comfort with Mort, but he doesn't hide that he doesn't think highly of her. Jealous, she reveals Rita's secret about her mother, thinking it will end his relationship with her. However, Mort reacts madly. Sabrina later witnesses Mort being rejected by Rita when he tries to sleep with her, and she thinks she can profit from that information to win him back. In his bar, she seduces him into having sex with her. At first, he rejects her, but he finally gives in. Meanwhile, Tina went to Tijuana for an abortion, but she was too afraid to go through with it. Not knowing what to do with her future, she bursts out in tears. The next morning, Sabrina reveals that she has slept with Mort. Rita refuses to believe her, but when Mort admits to it, she is furious and slaps him. Sabrina, hoping they can finally be in a relationship, is surprised he turns her down and swears he will regret it. She tells Joe, who thinks he is her boyfriend, that he raped her. The plan backfires when Mort convinces Joe that he wouldn't do that, also assuring him that Sabrina is bad news. She next convinces Tina to tell everyone that Mort is the father of her baby, thereby possibly assuring her financial support. After the announcement, she is kicked out of campus, but, after a failed suicide attempt, keeps on blackmailing Mort. Vulnerable, she admits to him that she was pushed by Sabrina to do so. After she left, it turns out that he recorded the conversation. Later, Tina accepts a marriage proposal from Jimmy. Rita decides to rekindle with Mort after she hears the audio conversation. A jealous Sabrina, realizing she has been caught, hits Mort with a bat and beats up Rita. She locks them into Mort's bar and sets it on fire, leaving them to burn to their deaths. However, they are rescued by Jimmy and Sabrina is arrested.
Night of the Comet	American	sci-fi	Thom Eberhardt	The Earth is passing through the tail of a comet, an event which has not occurred in 65 million years and coincidentally with the extinction event that wiped out the dinosaurs. On the night of the comet's passage, which takes place eleven days before Christmas, large crowds gather outside to watch and celebrate. 18-year-old Regina Reggie Belmont works at a movie theater in southern California. She is annoyed to find the initials DMK have the sixth highest score on the theater's Tempest video game, on which all the other scores are hers. She stays after the theater closes to play until DMK's score is removed and to have sex with her boyfriend Larry, the theater projectionist, in the steel-lined projection booth. Meanwhile, Reggie's 16-year-old sister Samantha Sam argues with their stepmother Doris, who punches her in the face. Sam then spends the night in a steel backyard shed. The next morning, a reddish haze covers everything, and there are no signs of life, only piles of red dust and heaps of clothing. Unaware that anything strange has happened, Larry goes outside and is killed by a zombie wielding a pipe wrench. When Reggie goes looking for Larry, she encounters the zombie, but escapes. She heads home to find her sister. Because both Reggie and Sam spent the night shielded from cosmic effects by steel, they were saved from the comet's effects. After figuring out what has happened, they hear a disc jockey and race to the radio station, only to find it was just a recording. They come across another survivor there, Hector Gomez, who spent the night in the back of his steel truck. When Sam talks into the microphone, she is heard by researchers in an underground installation out in the desert. As they listen to Reggie, Sam and Hector debate what to do, the scientists note that the zombies, though less exposed to the comet, will eventually disintegrate into dust themselves. Hector leaves to see if any of his family survived, but promises to come back. Reggie and Sam then go shopping at a mall. After a firefight with some zombie stock boys, the girls are taken prisoner, but are saved by a rescue team sent by the scientists. Reggie is taken back to their base. Audrey White, a disillusioned scientist, offers to dispose of Sam, who was diagnosed as having been exposed, and to wait for Hector. After she fakes euthanizing Sam by injecting her with a sedative that only put her to sleep, she kills the other remaining scientist. When Hector returns after an encounter with a zombie child, Audrey briefs him on the situation and then gives herself a lethal injection. He and Sam set out to rescue Reggie. The researchers had suspected and prepared for the comet's effects, but inadvertently left their ventilation system open and the fans running during the comet's passage, allowing the deadly dust to permeate their base. Meanwhile, Reggie has become suspicious, escapes, and discovers that the dying scientists have hunted down and rendered healthy survivors brain dead. They harvest their untainted blood to keep the disease at bay while they search desperately for a cure. Reggie saves a boy and a girl before they are processed, then unplugs the other victims from their life support machines. Hector and Sam get the trio out of the base. Eventually, rain washes away the red dust, leaving the world in a pristine condition. After Reggie pairs up with Hector, Sam feels left out, as the others are kids. When she ignores Reggie's warning and crosses a deserted street against the still-operating signal light, she is almost run over by a sports car driven by Danny Mason Keener, a teenager about her own age. After apologizing, he invites her to go for a ride. As they drive off, the car is shown sporting the initials DMK on the vanity plate.
The Fire Raisers	British	drama	Michael Powell	Jim Bronson is an insurance investigator, but he's unhappy with his work and gets involved with a gang of arsonists. His conscience is troubling him ...
A Better Tomorrow 2	American	action	Unknown	Several years after the events of A Better Tomorrow, Sung Tse-ho (Ti Lung) is offered early parole by the police in exchange for spying on his former boss and mentor, Lung Sei (Dean Shek), who is suspected of heading a counterfeiting operation. Inspector Wu (Lau Siu-ming), the leader of the crime task force, wants to mark his retirement with the capture of a high profile criminal like Lung. However, Ho, still loyal to Lung, initially declines. He changes his mind when he discovers that his younger brother, Sung Tse-kit (Leslie Cheung), is working undercover on the same case, and agrees to go undercover to protect his brother, who is expecting a child along with his pregnant wife Jackie (Emily Chu). While working the case, the two brothers meet and agree to work together on the investigation. After being framed for murder, Lung seeks Ho's help. Ho is able to help him escape to New York, but Lung suffers a psychotic break and is institutionalised after receiving news of his daughter's murder and witnessing his friend being killed. Meanwhile, Ho learns that Mark Lee has a long-lost twin brother, Ken (Chow Yun-fat), a former gang member who went legitimate and left Hong Kong as a teenager to travel across America, eventually settling and opening a restaurant in New York City. However, Ho tracks down Ken and enlists his assistance in freeing Lung and nursing him back to health. Targeted by both assassins hunting for Lung as well as American mobsters looking to extort Ken's business, Ken and Lung (who is still catatonic) go into hiding in an apartment building, and where Ken arms himself. During a shoot-out with the mobsters, but Ken and Lung find themselves cornered. Seeing Ken wounded and in trouble, Lung regains his sanity and kills the last of the Americans pursuing them. The two return to Hong Kong and link-up with Ho and Kit. The group discovers that one of Lung's employees, Ko Ying-pui (Kwan Shan), is responsible for trying to kill Lung and has taken over the organisation in Lung's absence. Lung resolves that he would rather destroy his organisation by his own hands than let it fall into dishonor and ruin, and the team starts planning to act against Ko. After doing some reconnaissance in Ko's mansion alone, Kit is fatally wounded, roughly at the same time his daughter is born. He is rescued by Ken, who attempts to rush him to the hospital. Knowing that he won't make it, Kit persuades Ken to stop at a phone booth to call his wife. He manages, just before he dies, to name his child Sung Ho-yin (in Cantonese, the Spirit of Righteousness). After attending Kit's funeral, Ho, Ken, and Lung take revenge on Ko by attacking his mansion during a meeting with a counterfeiting client. An enormous gun battle ensues. The three, assisted by Ho's former boss in the taxi company, kill approximately 90 others (including Ko) but are all severely (perhaps mortally) wounded in the process. After the shootout ends, the three sit down in the mansion and are surrounded by the police, led by Inspector Wu. Upon seeing the condition of the men, Wu motions to the other officers to lower their weapons. Ho remarks that Inspector Wu shouldn't retire yet as there is much work left for [him] to do.
Killers	Japanese	action	Kimo Stamboel, Timo Tjahjanto (as the Mo Brothers)	Nomura Shuhei is a charismatic, wealthy Japanese executive based in Tokyo who has a hidden dark side. He uses different methods to brutally murder people, mostly young women, and video records his deeds. Using local internet cafes to leave no trace of his personal IP address, Nomura uploads his murders to a video-sharing website which quickly go viral. While driving home from work, Nomura witnesses a young woman, Hisae, attempting to get her autistic younger brother killed by getting him to stand in the middle of the street. Hisae fails to do so and tearfully pulls her brother away, immediately regretting her decision. Fascinated by Hisae's compulsion to kill, Nomura develops a friendship with the woman. Meanwhile, in Indonesia, Bayu Aditya, an ambitious Jakarta-based journalist, attempts to interview a corrupt politician, Dharma, about recent rumors surrounding domestic violence against his wife. Bayu's obsession to publicize Dharma's scandals has caused his marriage and career to fall apart. While trying to get the latest scoop, Bayu corners Dharma in the parking lot and attempts to gather more footage, only to be beaten up by one of Dharma's bodyguards. Coming home from work, Bayu is kidnapped by a taxi-driver and his accomplice. In self-defense, Bayu fights back and gunfire is exchanged within the taxi. Both of the thugs are killed and a terrified Bayu hurriedly leaves the scene of the crime for home. Traumatized and delirious, Bayu sees one of Nomura's videos and develops a fascination for the killer, who is masked in the footage. Bayu eventually follows the same dark path to become a serial killer himself. He forms his own killer-persona, personally vows to kill in the name of justice, and also uploads his deeds to the internet, similar to Nomura's modus operandi. Nomura is pleased with Bayu's work and eventually gets in contact with him via social media however neither knows each other's true identity. Bayu goes to Dharma's personal fixer, Robert, and corners him in his home. Upon detaining Robert, Bayu hears rumbling upstairs. He investigates and finds a young boy shackled to the bed, revealing that Robert is a child-molester. Disturbed and angered by this, Bayu pistol-whips Robert and locks him in the basement. Upon gaining information on Dharma's whereabouts, Bayu sets Robert on fire, records the murder, and uploads it to the internet. Meanwhile, Nomura stalks a hooker and eventually lures her into his car. He plans to take her back to his house and murder her but is interrupted by a hallucination of his deceased sister, causing the car to violently swivel across the road. Temporarily regaining his sanity, Nomura decides not to carry out his deed and drives the hooker back, who is outraged at his reckless driving. The hooker complains to her pimp and Nomura is subsequently beaten up for mistreating the prostitute. Before leaving, the pimp takes Nomura's wallet which contains his driver's license. Nomura frequently visits Hisae at her flower store, but their friendship quickly sours one day when Nomura talks about his perverse thoughts about murder and death. Nomura further degrades his friendship with Hisae by inappropriately giving Hisae's brother a tazer as a toy. Bayu begins to develop feelings of remorse and seeks Nomura for counseling over webcam chat, but Nomura only encourages him to kill again. Bayu, under the guise of a masked intruder, storms Dharma's Star Hotel but only finds Dharma's son, Adit. Bayu becomes delirious and shoots Adit dead, alerting Dharma's bodyguards. A lengthy chase follows and Bayu manages to escape the hotel, but he loses his mask in the process and his identity gets compromised. On a busy night in downtown Tokyo, Nomura attempts to find the prostitute who caused him trouble. He stalks her pimp to a nightclub, stabs him to death, and retrieves his stolen wallet and ID. He then searches the nightclub, grabs the intoxicated hooker, and throws her into the trunk of his car. He attracts the attention of undercover policemen, but they fail to discover his crime. Upon returning home, Nomura decides to kill the hooker on webcam for Bayu to see. Nomura calls up Bayu on social media and prepares to kill her in front of the webcam. Bayu screams and pleads Nomura to stop, but Nomura believes that Bayu is just like him in that he shares the same sadistic pleasure in seeing people killed. Right before Nomura is about to hurt his victim, Hisae rings his doorbell and Nomura knocks out the hooker before leaving to answer it. Hisae is furious with Nomura for giving her brother a taser and confronts him about his abnormal behavior. Their conversation is interrupted once the prostitute wakes up and screams for help. Hisae manages to temporarily disable Nomura and get the hooker out of Nomura's house, but eventually they are both killed by Nomura. Bayu passes out that night from all his stress and wakes up the next morning to be greeted by his daughter. Bayu and his wife decide to get back together and repair their failed marriage. Unfortunately, Bayu's daughter is eventually kidnapped by Dharma's thugs for Adit's death. Bayu returns home and discovers his wife murdered and the deed recorded. He tears up and stumbles out of his house, only to see Nomura who has just arrived in Indonesia. Bayu attempts to chase down Nomura as he suspects him as the murderer of his wife, but is hit by a car and kidnapped by Dharma's thugs in the process. Dharma's thugs bring a detained Bayu to a floor in a high-rise building. Right before Dharma's bodyguard kills Bayu in front of his kidnapped daughter, Nomura arrives and shoots dead the bodyguard. Nomura, armed, taunts Bayu and commands him to kill Dharma or else his daughter will be shot dead as well. Bayu strangles Dharma to death but Nomura decides to kill Bayu's daughter anyway. Bayu grabs hold of Nomura and both of them scuffle for a while before falling off the high-rise building. The pair land on a car, Bayu dead and Nomura mortally wounded. Nomura's utters a final Cut before dying.
Catacombs	American	horror	Tomm Coker	Victoria (Sossamon), an anxiety ridden young woman, receives an invitation from her sister Carolyn (Pink). The first line of the film is a voice-over: My sister sent me a postcard, all it said was 'Come to Paris. It'll be good for you.' 48 hours after I arrived, she and everyone I'd met were dead. Victoria arrives in Paris and Carolyn takes her home, where one of Carolyn's friends scares her with a mask. After settling in, the sisters tour Paris and shop. During a break Carolyn tells Victoria about a secret rave in the Catacombs of Paris that night. There is a long line of people at the catacombs, but Carolyn is friends with the bouncer and they are allowed in without waiting. Victoria is given a flashlight and follows Carolyn to the rave, where they arrive to hear an introduction by host Jean-Michel (Mihai Stanescu). During the rave, Victoria begins to have an anxiety attack and needs water for her medication. Jean-Michel escorts her to the private VIP area of the party, where they find Carolyn and a group of friends. Jean-Michel pours Victoria a large glass of absinthe, and tells her of a killer living in the catacombs. Raised by a Satanic Cult, the killer, Antichrist, feeds on people who get lost in the Catacombs. Most of the group dismisses the story as a myth and they decide to go skinny dipping. Victoria declines to join them, and becomes lost as she heads back to the rave. She is joined by Carolyn, and as the sisters attempt to find their way back, someone grabs Carolyn and drags her off into the darkness. Victoria finds Carolyn dead and panics. A man in a goat mask begins to chase her, and she finds shelter hiding in a storage room. When the man arrives and starts a generator, it appears that the storage room is his home. Victoria escapes and runs back toward the crowd. She has scarcely returned when the Prefecture of Police burst in and interrupt the rave. Victoria is caught up in a mob and hits her head, and when she regains consciousness she is alone in the catacombs. She encounters a man named Henri who tries to help her, but every exit they come to is blocked. Henri falls through a rotted walkway while they are searching for a way out and injures his leg. Victoria tries to help him, but eventually gives up; she takes his map and leaves him in the dark, striking out on her own. When she finds an exit she is frightened by someone on the other side trying to get in, and she flees, fearing it is the Antichrist. After a chase through the tunnels she hides behind a wall column, armed with a mining pick. When the pursuer approaches, she strikes out blindly with the pick and hits him. Shortly after, Carolyn and her friends show up and tell Victoria that it was all just a prank. They wonder why Victoria is crying until they see Jean-Michel lying dead, felled by the blow of Victoria's pick. Carolyn screams at the exhausted and terrified Victoria, who lashes out with the pick and kills Carolyn and her remaining friends. Escaping at last from the catacombs, covered in blood, Victoria returns to the airport in a taxi, and repeats the voice-over line which started the film.
Comanche	American	western	George Sherman	In 1875, near Durango, Mexico, a group of renegade Comanche attack a peaceful village and kidnap the daughter of a Spanish aristocrat. They escape the Mexican Army by crossing into US territory. Jim Read (Dana Andrews), a frontier scout, is sent to investigate and ease tensions between the Mexicans and the Comanche. But long standing hatred and the profitable business of scalp-hunting does not help in resolving the conflict. Read is sent to negotiate with the Comanche chief, Quanah (Kent Smith). Whilst searching for Quanah, Read sees Art Downey (Stacy Harris), a local scalp-hunter, shoot and injure a Comanche. Read rescues him and takes him to Quanah. Read however is himself accused of the shooting by Black Cloud (Henry Brandon), the renegade leader, until the injured brave recovers enough to clear his name. Read reveals to Quanah that they are cousins and that his mother was the sister of Quanah’s mother. Quanah swears loyalty to his white friend. Read leaves to fetch government officials to a peace council, but discovers a cavalry detachment that has been massacred by Black Cloud and his renegades. The Government official, Commissioner Ward (Lowell Gilmore), has ordered the cavalry to subdue the Indians, by force if necessary. Black Cloud attacks a column of cavalry troopers and captures Ward. Quanah and a large force of loyal Comanche intervene and threaten to attack Black Cloud. Vengeful Black Cloud kills Ward. In the ensuing battle, Read kills Downey and Black Cloud and peace is restored.
Animal Treasure Island	Japanese	animation	Hiroshi Ikeda	Jim, the young assistant of the keeper of the Admiral Bembo inn, and his mouse friend Gran (Rex in English) are one night asked by a rough, one-legged stranger for a room and to watch out for suspicious-looking characters. The latter, a band of black-cloaked assassins, soon arrive, and the man asks Jim to take care of the casket he's been carrying before engaging the intruders. Jim and Gran narrowly escape. After they return to the ransacked inn later, they open the casket in hopes of gaining some money as compensation for the damage. Inside they find a map to the treasure hidden by the infamous pirate Captain Flint. Jim and Gran immediately set out with their steam-powered barrel boat - and the innkeeper's infant son Baboo as a stowaway - to recover the riches, but after a few days at sea they are captured by the pirate crew of Captain Silver and brought to Pirate Island, where both are sold to a slave merchant. Alerted by Gran's unchecked babbling, one of the crew, the monocled Baron, also steals the map from Jim in order to gain captaincy over his own ship by presenting it to the pirates' council. In their holding cell, Jim and Gran encounter Kathy, Captain Flint's feisty and resolute granddaughter. They manage to escape the cell, and Jim recovers the map as the assembled captains of Pirate Island pour over it. Kathy, however, promptly steals it, and having no ship to reach the island, she accepts the Baron's offer of transportation, which is in turn instantly usurped by Silver. Silver and his crew try their best to steal the map back during the voyage, but Kathy's distrust and Jim's secret assistance foil the scheme repeatedly. After an attack by the pirate captain chairman, which they narrowly escape, Jim and Gran incapacitate Silver and his crew with their own sleeping potion. Just before reaching the island, however, a storm rips the ship apart; Jim, Gran, Baboo, and the baby's self-appointed guardian, the walrus Otto, arrive just after Silver, his crew, and Kathy, now a prisoner of the pirates. In exchange for her friends' safety, Kathy offers to lead Silver to the exact location of the treasure. Silver, however, plans on double-crossing both Jim and his own crew to get the treasure for himself. While Otto holds off his fellow pirates (who soon surrender after realizing that Silver wouldn't share with them anyway), Jim chases after Silver as he and his monkey helmsman, Spider, are climbing towards the top of an extinct volcano where the treasure is hidden. In the end Kathy sacrifices the final secret of recovering the treasure to save Jim's life, but it does no good to Silver; the mechanism he is told to trigger does not reveal the treasure immedialety, but instead serves to drain the island volcano's crater lake. Silver and Spider are swept out into the sea, and the lake drains to reveal Flint's sunken ship, where Jim, Gran, Kathy and the reformed pirates find the treasure. The film ends with Jim and Kathy sailing away with Silver's ship, while the dethroned Silver and Spider chase after them on improvised log boats, quarreling all the while.
Mujhe Insaaf Chahiye	Bollywood	drama	T. Rama Rao	Malati (Rati Agnihotri), a young girl from a middle-class family meets Suresh Ray (Mithun Chakraborty), who is the son of a well-known lawyer Dayashankar Ray (Danny Denzongpa). After dating each other for some time, she finds that she is pregnant. When Suresh refuses to marry Malati, and she decides against aborting the baby, her parents throw her out and disown her. Left alone, she decides to take Suresh to court. She is supported in this fight by Shakuntala (Rekha), a lawyer who works for woman's rights, who also has an illegitimate daughter from Dayashankar Ray. The case gets much publicity and public support, and the judge rules in Malati's favor. At this point however, Malati refuses to marry Suresh and decides to raise the child on her own. In the meantime, Shakuntala dies of a heart attack, and Malati promises her to take care of her daughter, and carry on Shakuntala's work. Years later Suresh and his wife (Ranjeeta), now married for some years and still childless, run into Malati again. It turns out that she has been raising her son all by herself, and he has turned out to be a very talented and well-adjusted young and smart boy.
The Outriders	American	western	Roy Rowland	With the Civil War nearing an end, rebel soldiers Will Owen, Jess Wallace and Clint Priest are released in Missouri from a Union stockade. A bandit leader and Confederate sympathizer, Keeley, recruits them to join a wagon train run by Don Chaves that is carrying a million dollars' worth of gold bullion. The men see it as a chance to help the South and also profit. Don Chaves is suspicious of them, but permits them to be outriders, accompanying the wagon train but staying 200 yards from the others. Apaches attack and the three men help fend them off, gaining the Don's trust. The beautiful widow Jen Gort attracts the interest of Will and Jess, who have a falling-out. She is escorting teenaged Roy, her young brother-in-law, who is eager to prove his courage to the older men by fighting Indians by their side. The boy ends up inadvertently causing a stampede, however, then drowns while attempting to cross a raging river. News comes that the war is over. Because of that, plus his love for Jen and admiration for the Don, the robbery no longer interests Will, but Jess is determined to go through with it so that he and Keeley can split the money. A gunfight ends in Jess's death, so that Will and Jen can go on with their lives.
Recep İvedik 3	Turkish	comedy	Togan Gökbakar	Recep İvedik (Şahan Gökbakar) shows signs of deep depression following the death of his grandmother. In the meantime, one of his distant relatives, Zeynep (Zeynep Çamcı), comes to İstanbul to attend university. With Recep being Zeynep’s only relative in the big city, she will have to stay at Recep’s house for a few months. Now that Zeynep has been included in his life, Recep tries every kind of activity to socialize and get rid of his depression, including going to the theater and even attending karate classes. However, nothing seems to work for Recep.
The Great Sioux Massacre	American	western	Sidney Salkow	The film begins at Board of Inquiry over the Battle of the Little Big Horn; specifically examining the conduct of Major Marcus Reno. Captain Bill Benton (perhaps inspired by Frederick Benteen) is called to the stand, and rather than merely answer questions from the board states that he will tell his version of the true story that the audience sees through flashback. Benton relates his first arrival in the Wild West where his detachment is escorting the wife of the local Indian Agent Mr. Turner. The Indians attack the party and abduct Mrs Turner away from Benton's command. Benton's Army Scout Dakota advises against tracking the Indians until the next day due to their laying false trails that lead into ambushes. Dakota and Benton come across a wounded Indian who Dakota shoots so he will not have to starve on an Indian Reservation. Received by his commanding officer Lt. Col. George Armstrong Custer, Benton is gently told his first encounter with the enemy has been disastrous but Custer confirms that he did the right thing by following Dakota's advice not to pursue the hostile party. Custer invites Benton to a dress dance held at the fort that evening and dismisses the distraught Mr. Turner by telling him that he will visit the hostile Indians who abducted his wife in the morning. Benton's fiancee Caroline Reno is at the fort, but their relationship has grown cold due to Caroline's father Major Reno hating Benton. At the dress ball, where Custer wears a major general's tunic with Colonel's insignia, Major Reno comes in drunk and demands everyone address him as Major General Reno due to his former rank in the Confederate States of America's army and salute him. Custer replies with good nature, attempting to reconcile the former warriors of the North and South, but Reno is in a bad mood. He physically attacks Benton but only hits the floor, prompting Benton to inform Caroline that her family tree has fallen. The next day Benton join's Custer's patrol who meet Crazy Horse and Sitting Bull to negotiate Mrs. Turner's release. The Indians propose Custer release all his Indian prisoners in exchange for Mrs Turner. Custer decides on a compromise, he will hang the Indian leaders if Mrs Turner is not released. Mrs Turner is released. Custer gains Benton's respect by Custer's disgust at the corrupt Indian agents who he feels have been put in place by a corrupt Federal administration that Custer and his wife Libby will confront in Washington. Before their departure the captive Indians unsuccessfully attempt to escape and are slaughtered. In Washington, D.C., Colonel Custer destroys his military career by formally accusing many Federal politicians with corruption, including Orvil Grant, the brother of the President of the United States Ulysses S. Grant. When the President refuses to meet with Custer, he begins to realize his military career may have come to a premature end. Meanwhile, back in the West the Army's commander General Alfred Howe Terry visits the fort and summons Major Reno and Captain Benton to inform them that Custer is going to be court martialed. Major Reno is deflated when the General offers Captain Benton command of the 7th Cavalry and a promotion to brevet colonel. Captain Benton refuses and considers resigning his commission out of loyalty to his commander. Major Reno's daughter browbeats her father, who says he will not accept command of the regiment, gives his blessing to Caroline and Benton's marriage and gives up his drinking. In Washington Senator James G. Blaine visits the humbled Custer and tempts him with an offer to be the party's candidate for President of the United States. The Senator informs Custer this can be accomplished through obtaining a reputation through his military exploits in a war with the Indians. The Senator assigns a newspaper journalist/minder possibly based on Mark Kellogg to Custer, who is sent back without court martial to his regiment. Benton notices that Custer's empathetic feelings for the Native Americans have vanished and he is pushing his regiment into a war where he can claim glory. Custer motivates his command by personally shooting deserters in the back including his scout Dakota who has turned from Indian baiter to Indian booster. This prompts Benton to strike his commanding officer where he is arrested. He is freed by Indians who know of his attempts to help their people at the aborted escape but when his Indian friends are ambushed by a cavalry patrol Benton attempts to warn Colonel Custer of a mass Indian army made up of a combination of several tribes.
Deathsport	American	action	Allan Arkush	A thousand years from tomorrow, after the Neutron Wars, the world is divided into a barbaric collection of city states, surrounded by wastelands where only mutant cannibals and independent warriors, known as Range Guides, can live. The city state of Helix is planning war on another, Tritan. Hoping to prove their newest weapon's superiority, the Death Machines (laser equipped dirt bikes), they create a new Death Sport. The death penalty has been replaced by Death Sport, where criminals battle each other to the death for their freedom. Lord Zirpola is using the Death Machines against some Range Guides he managed to capture. One of the guides, Kaz Oshay, forges a bond with the female guide Deneer and vows to escape with her and find her child who was taken by mutants before her capture. After enduring torture and facing his mother's killer, Ankar Moor, Oshay and Deneer are forced into the Death Sport motocross field, which is mined with explosives. They easily defeat the other riders and escape into Helix city with two other prisoners, Doctor Karl and his son Marcus. During the escape, though, the doctor is killed. Eventually they rescue Deneer's child from mutant cannibals, and battle the other Death Machine riders who followed them. Finally safe, Deneer delivers Marcus to Tritan, while Kaz Oshay faces his nemesis Ankar Moor in honorable combat, using Whistlers (plastic swords that sound like music). After a bloody battle Kaz decapitates Ankar, becoming the greatest guide alive. The film ends with him and Deneer riding their horses off into the sunset.
Laadla	Bollywood	drama	Raj Kanwar	Raju (Anil Kapoor) lives with his disabled mom (Farida Jalal). One day Raju on his way to a job interview saves the life of a rich textile mill owner (Anupam Kher), who offers him a job in his factory, which is run by his ambitious daughter Sheetal (Sridevi). Sheetal's competitive attitude and open insults result in her making several enemies in the industry as well as Shakti Kapoor from her own company, whom she often slaps and insults. Raju works as a mechanic in the mill and confronts Sheetal several times for the proper treatment of workers. He is also elected as the union leader, which enrages Sheetal who slaps Bhandhari (Shakti Kapoor). Raju meets Kaajal (Raveena Tandon), who also works in the textile mill, and they fall in love. A competing textile mill owner Suryadev (Prem Chopra) tries to eliminate Sheetal. Raju saves her by pushing her. Though he saves her, Sheetal is enraged as Raju touches her and slaps him in front of all the workers. Later, Raju goes to Sheetal's cabin and slaps her five times. Sheetal cannot fire Raju as then she has to tell all of her workmen she was slapped by Raju. For taking revenge, Sheetal makes an offer to marry him. When Raju turns her down she forces his mom to agree to the marriage. Raju accepts his mom's wishes and decides to sacrifice his love for Kaajal. Sheetal expects Raju to move in with her after their marriage and live in luxury, but Raju refuses and continues to work in the mill. Raju starts to live in Sheetal's house upon his mother's order though he continues his job as a mechanic in the mill which is now his own. Slowly Raju starts to like Sheetal and starts loving her. He again saves her when some henchmen of Suryadev try to kill her. However, tensions arise between Raju and Sheetal when she fires Kajaal out of jealousy as Sheetal sees Kaajal visiting Raju's house frequently, though Kaajal goes there to take care of Raju's lonely mother. Labour issues cause the workers to go on strike. The competing mill owner plans to take advantage of the situation and hires hoods to set the mill on fire. Raju, in his attempt to stop the fire is mistakenly arrested. Raju's mom goes to Sheetal's house to clear matters, but is insulted and taunted by Sheetal, and collapses until Raju arrives to save his mother and slaps Sheetal and breaks his ties with her. A guilty Sheetal, who truly is in love with Raju decides to kill herself until the rival mill owners kidnap and decide to kill her themselves, until Raju arrives to save her life. Sheetal is remorseful for her behaviour towards her husband and family. She makes Kaajal managing director of the company and stops working to become a good wife to Raju and both of them lives happily ever after with them living in Raju's house.
Batasari	Telugu	romance	P. S. Ramakrishna Rao	Surendranath/Suren (ANR) is the son of a Zamindar (Ramanna Panthulu). His good-hearted step mother (Suryakantham) keeping in mind his health objects to his going to London for higher studies. A peeved Suren leaves home, reaches Madras, and stays with a rich man Apparao (B.R. Panthulu) as a tutor to his younger daughter Pramila (Baby Sasikala). Widowed even before she attained womanhood, Madhavi (Bhanumathi) the eldest daughter of Apparao learns about the distrait ways of Suren, provides him with all his needs. When she writes about Suren to her friend Manorama (Devika), Manorama cautions her about showing too much interest in him. Hurt by her servant’s (Chayadevi) gossip about her and Suren and also for neglecting his duty as a teacher, Madhavi chides Suren. Upset, he leaves on an aimless journey, meets with an accident and his father takes him home. Suren marries Shanti (‘Shavukaru’ Janaki) but his heart longs for Madhavi. After performing her brother Siva Chandra (Ramanamurthy)’s marriage, Madhavi hands over responsibilities to his wife (Mohana) and leaves for her home inherited from her husband but finds that house under auction due to a plot hatched by Suren’s estate manager (Mudigonda Lingamurthy). Not knowing it was Suren, Madhavi goes to confront the zamindar. Meanwhile Suren learns about the manager’s wicked ways and despite his grave illness rushes on horseback to meet Madhavi to give her house documents. They meet. She expresses a wish to see his wife Shanti while he struggles to express his love for her. He dies in her lap.
Life with Tom	American	animation	Hanna-Barbera	A mailman delivers two packages and whistles out loud. Tom approaches to see that nothing is in his mailbox but he spots a package in Jerry's mailbox though, and opens it to find a book entitled Life with Tom. He hides in the bush as Jerry walks towards his mailbox and retrieves a letter. Tom then hears a radio program which announces the publication of Life with Tom by Jerry Mouse revealing that Jerry's book is his autobiography. Tom opens the book and flips the page to Dedicated to Tom --- Without whom --- I could do very well. Tom flips forward a few pages. We read Chapter VII Life with Tom wasn't always one continuous battle ... one day, believe it or not, Tom took me fishing. 'Twas a sunny summer morning and the first thing I knew ---. This leads to 1947's Cat Fishin' beginning where Tom uses Jerry as bait and ending where Spike gives chase. Back to the present day, where the book reads: To this day Tom still thinks he caught a new species of dog fish ---. This makes Tom furious and he overhears Butch, Meathead, Lightning (gray-tone) and Topsy laughing. He skims to another page. The book reads Chapter XI On Thanksgiving day, my little nephew and I dressed up as pilgrims --- Tom, of course, also got into the act ---. The scene segues into 1949's The Little Orphan beginning where Jerry and Nibbles are walking along the dinner table dressed as pilgrims and ending where Tom surrenders, waving the white flag. Back to the present day, Tom hears Spike and Tyke laughing. He extends his neck out to see what page the father and son dogs are reading and moves to the page where Jerry reveals: Chapter XX A dog may be man's best friend but my best friend happens to be a canary ---- For once I really was in trouble The scene changes to 1948's Kitty Foiled beginning where the canary is shocked to witness Tom and Jerry's violent exploits and ending where Tom plunges down a hole aboard a train about an inch from Jerry because a bowling ball is thrown into the floor in the path of the train. Back again to the present day. With everyone laughing at his expense, Tom is eventually infuriated to discover he is a laughing stock. He marches over to Jerry's hole, furiously tears off the facade and then smashing the book over Jerry to possibly serve Jerry right. Offended by Tom's behavior, Jerry shows him the letter that he had received that morning, revealing that he received $50,000 in royalties for the book, of which half is for Tom in accordance to his wishes. Flattered to discover a check for himself, Tom – realizing that even through the ups and downs, Jerry still considers him a friend – has a change of heart about the autobiography and he now starts seeing the funny sides of it all and burst out laughing as Jerry looks on proudly.
Lost Continent	American	sci-fi	Sam Newfield	Maj. Joe Nolan (Cesar Romero) is the head of an expedition to the South Pacific to retrieve an atomic-powered rocket that vanished without a trace. He had previously lived in a South American jungle, as has fellow serviceman and pilot Lt. Danny Wilson (Chick Chandler), who is also on the expedition. Aircraft mechanic Sgt. William Tatlow (Sid Melton) is also recruited for the expedition, which includes the three scientists who helped build the rocket. Their transport aircraft mysteriously crash-lands on a remote, unknown tropical island in the area where the rocket was lost on radar. They find only two occupants left on the island, a native woman (Acquanetta) and her young brother. The woman indicates something fell from the sky atop the forbidding, cloud-shrouded plateau that dominates part of the island. The rocket's fiery arrival caused the rest of the native population to abandon the island. Expedition member Stanley Briggs (Whit Bissell) is accidentally killed on the steep ascent of the escarpment. After long stretches of tedious rock climbing, the expedition finally closes in on the top. Emerging from what turns out to be a toxic gas cloud cover, they discover a lush, prehistoric jungle inhabited by various dinosaurs and a large field of uranium, which is what has disabled their electronic tracking equipment. The group comes upon a Brontosaurus, which then attacks Robert Phillips (Hugh Beaumont) as he quickly retreats up a tree. This results in Nolan and Wilson shooting at it, but they quickly discover that the dinosaur's thick hide absorbs bullets with little effect. Later that night they set up camp. When Nolan wakes up, he finds Phillips and Russian scientist Michael Rostov (John Hoyt) gone. He then discovers that Rostov got himself stuck in a large rock crevice near a Triceratops; he accuses Phillips of arranging the accident on purpose, but Rostov insists that he tried to help Phillips escape. The Triceratops nearly attacks the group, but another makes a challenge and the two dinosaurs fight to the death. Nolan suspects that Rostov, the scientist who helped make the rocket, is up to no good because he also appeared to be able to save Stanley Briggs on their climb up but didn't. Eventually Rostov reveals himself to be a victim of the Holocaust in which he lost his wife and unborn child. A Pterosaur is later shot for food by Wilson near the rocket's landing site. They soon discover the rocket is surrounded by a Brontosaurus and a pair of Triceratops, but Nolan devises a strategy that results in their successfully scaring off the dinosaurs using their weapons. Rostov and Phillips retrieve the needed data from the rocket. With his back turned, Tatlow is then gored to death by an angry Triceratops, just as it is being shot by Nolan and Wilson. The team digs a grave and makes a cross marker for Tatlow. When violent earthquake tremors begin, the team makes a hasty retreat down the side of the plateau. The four surviving members manage to successfully return to the island's flatland with the rocket's critical component, just in time to escape the island using a native outrigger canoe. The survivors watch from a distance as the island is first rocked by more violent earthquakes and then the catastrophic eruption of the island's formerly dormant volcano, which finally destroys everything.
High Treason	British	crime	Roy Boulting	Enemy saboteurs infiltrate the industrial suburbs of London, intending to disable three power stations in London and five other stations elsewhere, all strategically located throughout the UK. Their motive is to cripple the British economy and enable subversive forces to insinuate themselves into government. The saboteurs are thwarted, not by counterintelligence agents, but by workaday London police officers.
Double Exposures	British	crime	John Paddy Carstairs	Reporter Peter Bradfield (Basil Langton) is fired from his newspaper for failing to deliver an interview with big businessman Hector Rodman (Julien Mitchell). Plucky Bradfield subsequently becomes a photographic equipment salesman, and accidentally takes photos of two men in conversation. Unbeknown to him, these men are the businessmen's lawyer and his secretary, and are plotting to embezzle a fortune in bonds from Rodman, and planning to frame his workshy son George (George Astley) for the crime.
Chhote Sarkar	Bollywood	drama	Manoj Agarwal	Amar Saxena (Govinda) is a businessman, and the Managing Director of prestigious Khaitan Fans Ltd., India. One day while leaving from a board meeting, he meets a beggar named Jagmohan, who calls him Rohit, and asks him to return home to his ill wife, Seema. Amar denies being Rohit, but feels sorry for him and gives him some money, which Jagmohan declines to accept. Curious at his refusal, Amar offers to help. He visits the hospital and gets to meet Seema, and ends up falling in love with her. What he does not know that Jagmohan and Seema are plainclothes police officers, who have been assigned to arrest him for the murder of Ram Kumar Saxena, Amar's uncle. Using his wits, Amar manages to convince the court that he is of unsound mind, and thus escapes being imprisoned, and ends up in an asylum. From here, Amar must figure out who has framed him for a murder he did not commit, and why Seema and Jagmohan were so intent to incriminate him.
When Knights Were Bold	British	comedy	Jack Raymond	Sir Guy de Vere inherits his father's estate while serving with the British army in India. He returns home to take up his new role, but is greeted with hostility by his family and servants. After a drunken evening, a bump on the head with a suit of armour sends Sir Guy back to the 1400s and the golden age of chivalry.
Corpse Party	Japanese	horror	Masafumi Yamada	The film opens on a rainy night at Kisaragi Academy. Facing goodbyes and graduation, Naomi Nakashima, her childhood friend Satoshi Mochida, and their classmates; Seiko Shinohara, Yoshiki Kishinuma, Sakutaro Morishige, and Mayu Suzumoto are clearing up after their last cultural festival, when class representative Ayumi Shinozaki decides to perform a charm called Sachiko Ever After so they will all stay friends forever. Their teacher, Yui Shishido, comes in with Satoshi's younger sister Yuka, and everyone performs the ritual together but are swallowed away to a different dimension right after. They find themselves in a haunted graduation ceremony for Tenjin Elementary School, forced to close years ago after a series of gruesome murders. They read newspaper articles detailing a serial killer of two children, Yuki, Ryou, and a red girl, Sachiko, gone missing. A man with a hammer, Yoshikazu, smashes Yui in the face. Terrified, the students flee. Naomi twists her ankle and is put in the infirmary, and Yuka disappears. Naomi encounters Yuki's ghost, and argues with Seiko, who leaves, then passes out. Ayumi and Yoshiki witness the two ghosts Yuki and Ryou crashing Mayu against a wall, and Naomi finds Seiko hanged. Yuka comes across an insane Sakutaro, who gives chase until Yoshikazu kills him. Ayumi and Yoshiki discover a video cassette and a jar of severed tongues. The duo rejoins Satoshi and Naomi and watch the video recorded by a famous spiritualist Kou Kibiki. Kou and his assistant explore the school before facing their demise. He explains that in order to return home, the school's curse must be lifted and use their paper slips in a reserve play. Naomi has lost her paper slip, but Ayumi actually has it. Ayumi begins to succumb in jealousy because of Naomi's relationship with Satoshi, whom Ayumi is obsessed with. She gives Naomi a fake slip and secretly burns her real one. Ayumi and Yoshiki encounter Yuki and Ryou, and Ayumi manages to return their severed tongues, restoring their sanity. Yuki shows Ayumi a vision that the perpetrator is Sachiko. Yuka is murdered by Sachiko, and Yoshiki sacrifices himself to allow the others to escape. Naomi discovers Seiko's true death when looking at the security cameras: Naomi happened to be possessed and killed Seiko. Believing Seiko will never forgive her, Naomi breaks down until Seiko's spirit relieves her. Naomi holds a necklace she found and sees a vision of the past that shows Sachiko's mother, Yoshie, who was the school's nurse, being pushed down the stairs by Takamine Yanagihori, the principal. Yoshie broke her neck, and Sachiko, who witnessed the incident, was strangled by Takamine. He then hid her body to erase the evidence. This began the curse. Naomi and an injured Satoshi uncover Sachiko's body. Another vision is shown where Sachiko's spirit causes Takamine and his son, Yoshikazu, to suffer for his misdeed. Sachiko's body rise and attacks Satoshi and Naomi. Ayumi arrives and read out from a diary about how Yoshie doesn't want her daughter killing anybody and to pass on peacefully. With the school collapsing, the trio proceed with the ritual. Naomi and Ayumi make it back home, each holding Satoshi's detached arms (because he used Naomi's fake slip). In a post-credits scene, Naomi is in her room, gazing at Sachiko.
Varna	Telugu	romance	Selvaraghavan	Irandam Ulagam is about two stories which unfold concurrently in two different planets – our Earth and an unnamed exoplanet.[2] On earth a timid medical student Ramya (Anushka Shetty) who has a crush on an academic mathematician Madhu Balakrishnan (Arya), asks him out. He initially refuses her proposal for marriage as his father is an invalid needing his full attention and care. Later, Madhu gradually reciprocates Ramya's love seeing her caring nature and proposes marriage. But, she reluctantly rejects his proposal as her family has already arranged her marriage. While on a trip to Goa, Madhu wins Ramya's heart while her fiance abruptly cancels the marriage citing dowry as the reason. She suddenly dies in a freak accident and this is followed by Madhu's paralysed father's death too. Depressed by the sudden twin tragedies, Madhu becomes a vagabond in Goa. He sees an apparition of his dead father that tells him death is an illusion. Later, at a local tourist spot, he follows an empty car to a hilltop and tries to commit suicide. He gets injured and faints while trying to drive the car. The story moves parallel in the alternate world in a relatively primitive kingdom which protects the immortal Amma. The son of a noble military commander, Maravan (Arya), falls in love with a working class orphan Varna (Anushka Shetty). Maravan, though fearless, does not take interest in martial arts and roams around the kingdom drinking with his friends. Varna, on the other hand, is interested in a military career though she picks and packs wild mushrooms to eke out a living. She also has the desire to protect Amma from the enemies of the kingdom. While gatecrashing a military admissions exam for Amma's protection, the tyrant king condemns Varna to his harem. Maravan pleads with the king to release Varna and the king in return challenges Maravan to get hold of a lion's skin within three days. Maravan, though inexperienced, fights with the lion that has never been conquered until then and gets Varna released. At the behest of the king, Varna is forced to marry Maravan, which goes against her free will. So, she tries to commit suicide after assaulting the king. But Amma saves her and the riled king exiles her to the forest. Depressed Maravan tries to commit suicide in vain. Taunted by new military recruits, Maravan climbs a sacred mountain called Swamimalai. Meanwhile, with the special powers of Amma, an inter-planetary portal opens briefly between Maravan in Swamimalai and Madhu in Goa. Maravan rescues the fainted Madhu from the car and takes him to Amma for treatment. People of the kingdom celebrate Madhu mistake him for an angel. Enemies lay siege to the kingdom and try to kidnap Amma but intoxicated Maravan fights them off with the help of Varna, who returns from the forest. When Madhu looks at Varna (who looks like Ramya), flowers begin to bloom in the kingdom for the first time. But the timid people force Varna back into the forests. Later Maravan's bravery is rewarded by his father and king who admits him into military service. Maravan, with new-found confidence, goes into the forest to meet Varna with food and blankets. But she rejects him again. Madhu too goes into the forest to meet Varna. This time, Varna accepts his friendship. Marvan gets jealous of Madhu. A stormy night forces Varna to eventually return to the kingdom from the forest. The enemies of the kingdom capture Amma while the irate king sends Maravan for execution for illegally housing Varna. Maravan is captured by the enemy troops while abducting Amma. Madhu and Varna set out through forest to find Maravan and Amma. Varna eventually realises that she had fallen in love with her husband Maravan after hearing about Ramya. Maravan bravely wipes out the entire army of the enemy and escapes with Amma on a boat. But Madhu is drowned in combat. Amma stops Varna and Maravan from saving him. Then an inter-planetary portal opens briefly again and Madhu lands in another unnamed exoplanet where he finally meets his soulmate Ramya look-alike again. He earnestly asks her if she is single. Finally he realises that it is his true destiny.
Five Days	British	crime	Montgomery Tully	James Nevill, a nearly bankrupt businessman, hires his best friend to kill him so his wife can collect on his life insurance. After his business takes a sudden upswing he changes his mind, but he must get to the killer and tell him so before the killer gets to him first. Nevill suffers several near misses before learning that it is partner and another who really want to kill him, not his friend whom they have kidnapped and framed. In the end, the villains shoot each other.
Winner	Telugu	action	Gopichand Malineni	The movie starts off with horse racing, Dharmendra Reddy (Mukesh Rushi) is a number one business magnet in this business his only son Mahender Reddy (Jagapathi Babu) is the number one jockey in the country, leaves the house after marrying his love interest Lakshmi (Kalyani) against his father’s wish. Mahendra leads a happy life, after some time Lakshmi dies giving birth to a baby boy Siddharth Reddy / Siddu (Master Charith), from that time Mahendra was everything to him both of are bound in a doting love bondage. After his son left the house Dharmendra Reddy’s business comes almost to zero level, so he has no other choose except to get back his son. After that he decides to separate Siddu from his father, therefore he constructs a barrier between them and separates them by a meticulous plan of making remarriage to his son with his friend’s daughter (Sonia Agarwal) and makes Siddu forcibly to run away from home. Siddu (Sai Dharam Tej) grows up to be a father-hating, works as a creative head of a newspaper and he hates races and horses. On another hand, for several years Mahendra relentless tries to find his runaway child. Siddu falls in love with Sitara (Rakul Preet Singh) in the first sight itself. But her goal to become a successful athlete to win National Champion Ship in running race that’s why she under the training by bluffing to her parents that she is studying. While he tries to impress her she shows aversion towards him. So, Siddhu meddles with her life by revealing her secret to her father Rajeev Reddy (Suresh). So he immediately settles her marriage with The Best Jockey (Thakur Anoop Singh). Siddu also reaches to the marriage where Sitara comes up with a plan to escape the marriage that she is loving Siddu and introduces him as a number one racer, so she wants to conduct a race between them and she will marry how will win it. In between this quarrel suddenly Mahendra Reddy arrives and shocking says the jockey as his separated son Siddhartha Reddy and accepts the challenge. Siddu is completely confused with this incident he wants to know the truth so kidnaps Dharmendra Reddy’s PA (Raghu Babu) and Siddu is flabbergasted, realizing that the person is Aadi not only a jockey but also a criminal by profession impersonated and settled with his family by his grandfather as a returned son to stop unnecessary expenditure in the search of the separated son. Now Siddu decides to take up the challenge by becoming a professional jockey. Rest of the story is how Siddu gains Sitara love, comes close to his father, teaches the lesson to his grandfather and becomes a Winner both in challenge & life.
Paramasivan	Tamil	action	P. Vasu	Subramaniyam Siva (Ajith Kumar) is in jail, awaiting the death sentence for killing corrupt and evil members of the police force who had killed his father and sister. SP of Police, Nethiadi Nandakumar (Prakash Raj) is an honest, fearless and upright police officer who has been given the mission to flush out the terrorist outfit behind the Coimbatore blasts. He decides to employ unconventional methods to fulfill his mission and engages Siva to assist him, renaming him Paramasivan, and giving him a single-point agenda – trace out and erase the people responsible for the Coimbatore blasts. Unaware to Paramasivan, Nandakumar intends on killing him after the mission is completed. The fly in the ointment is played by Nair (Jayaram), a CBI officer, who is out to trace Paramasivan and stop his unlawful activities. His assistant, SI Agniputran (Vivek) provides lighter moments. How Paramasivan finishes the villains and finishes his job forms the rest of the story. Paramasivan comes to know of Nandakumar's idea to kill him after the mission during the last few scenes where Nair intervenes. Eventually, Paramasivan is forgiven, and so he starts a new life with his lover Malar (Laila Mehdin).
The Teddy Bear Master	American	horror	Charlie Ours	After he is embarrassed by his teacher, a student dubbed The Teddy Bear Master brings a group of stuffed teddy bears to life, then orders them to kill the teacher, Mr Clevenger. A group of students battle the bears in an attempt to save Clevenger, but Clevenger and his wife ultimately come to a sticky end.[1][3]
Reuben, Reuben	American	romance	Robert Ellis Miller	Gowan McGland (Tom Conti) is a creatively blocked Scottish poet who ekes out a day-to-day existence by exploiting the generosity of strangers in an affluent Connecticut suburb, where he recites his verse to various arts groups and women's clubs. Gowan is something of a leech, cadging expensive dinners from well-off patrons (usually stealing the tips afterward) while seducing their bored wives and affecting a superior attitude toward the smug bourgeois types he exploits. Although a talented poet, he is also a chronic drunk, indifferent to the wounds he can casually inflict with his wit. (When one of Gowan's middle-aged conquests undresses for him, he mutters, Released from their support, her breasts dropped like hanged men, reducing her to tears.) Gowan falls in love with a young college student, Geneva Spofford (Kelly McGillis), who has everything to lose from a relationship with a drunken deadbeat poet unable to hold a job. Gowan instigates two ugly incidents that eventually cause their breakup: first, a bar fight from which Geneva rescues him, and later, when he causes a scene in a fancy restaurant where the waiters know he's stolen their tips. He also suffers an ironic comeuppance from Dr. Jack Haxby (Joel Fabiani). The dentist, after finding out about the poet's affair with his wife, uses the ruse of free dental care for ruining Gowan's smile and forcing him to wear dentures. When Gowan finds out, it is already too late, and the damage is irrevocable. (Gowan fears losing his teeth, equating it with death.) Gowan prepares to hang himself, but while dictating his last thoughts into a tape recorder, he comes up with some good lines and regains his will to write. Unfortunately, his host's pet dog, an old English sheepdog named Reuben, comes bounding into the room, causing Gowan to lose his balance before he can undo the noose, turning the aborted suicide into accidental asphyxiation. The film's title comprises Gowan's final words, an unsuccessful attempt to halt the dog.
The Showdown	American	western	Dorrell McGowan	A former Texas lawman. Shadrach Jones (William Elliott) sets out to discover who killed his brother and stole their combined savings. While at the saloon run by the beautiful Adelaide (Marie Windsor), Jones becomes convinced that the thieving murderer is one of a group of cowboys on a cattle drive led by Captain MacKellar (Walter Brennan). Determined to find justice, Jones joins the cattle drive and slowly gets closer to uncovering the identity of the killer.
Idlewild	American	crime	Bryan Barber	Percival (Andre 3000) and Rooster (Big Boi) have been good friends since childhood. However, as they grow up, they each begin to live separate lives. Percival works at his father Percy Senior's (Vereen) morgue during the day, and works at a local club called Church at night playing the piano. Rooster becomes a singer at the club and a bootlegger; he also gets married to Zora (Williams), with whom he has five children. One night when Rooster shows up late to the club, everyone becomes upset and rowdy including gangsters Spats (Rhames), Trumpy (Howard), Ace (Love) and Rose (Paula Jai Parker) who have a business deal with the club and Rooster. Finally Rooster shows up and performs; Rooster, Spats, Trumpy and Ace talk about their deal. Spats wishes to get out of the business, and is willing to sell out to Ace. Meanwhile, backstage, a singer from St. Louis named Angel Davenport (Paula Patton) comes into the club and starts to complain about her train ride and her contract with the club. Angel is actually an imposter; she is really an aspiring singer named Sally B. Shelley, who stole the contract from the real Davenport (Labelle). Rooster and Rose have sex in a car in a warehouse until they hear people coming into the warehouse, Rose jumps out of the car, gets dressed and confronts Spats, Trumpy and Ace who have just arrived. Rose then runs off, Trumpy then shoots and kills Spats and Ace in order to get the business for himself. Meanwhile, Rooster runs into Trumpy while taking his family shopping and Trumpy explains that the debt owed by Ace is now his problem. He has to come up with this money by selling liquor at Church bought from Trumpy's suppliers. Rooster goes to Rose's house to warn her, but she is already packed up and ready to leave. As Rose drives away in a taxi, she is being watched by one of Trumpy's henchmen. Meanwhile, Rooster begins to have more problems at the club, and forces Angel to sing. Angel has an attack of stage fright, but Percival calms her by giving her a song that he wrote for her. The song is a hit, and Angel becomes an overnight star; she and Percival also fall in love. During a storm, Angel runs over to the morgue to be with Percival, and the two have sex. Roosters's wife Zora gets tired of his cheating and moves with their children to her mother's house. Angel gets a record deal in Chicago and asks Percival to go with her, but he reluctantly declines, as he feels obligated to his father. When Angel finds out that Percival knows who she really is, however, she pledges her love to him and persuades him to go to Chicago with her. Rooster devises a plan to buy liquor from bootlegger GW (Nunn) and his partner. One day, Rooster is making his rounds to pick up hooch from GW to load in a hearse borrowed from Percival, when he sees a car on the road that seems to be stuck. He approaches the car to see an old woman, Mother Hopkins (Tyson), and her grandchildren. Mother Hopkins tells Rooster that he is an angel and gives him a bible. Rooster walks into the old abandoned house of the two bootleggers and sees that Trumpy's henchmen have beaten up GW and killed his partner. Rooster is caught and brought to Trumpy, and GW is shot and killed. There is a fight between Rooster and Trumpy's henchmen. Rooster is shot but not killed due to the bible in his jacket and drives away in the hearse. However, Trumpy pursues him and shoots at him. Rooster escapes into the Church club, and soon after Trumpy arrives at the club. Before going to Chicago, Angel and Percival decide to make a stop at the Church club, Rooster and Trumpy have a dramatic fight in the club and shots are fired by Trumpy. Everyone in the club panics, and just when Trumpy is about to shoot Rooster, Trumpy is shot and killed by Percival. Percival then notices that Angel has been shot and runs to her aid. However Angel dies soon afterward and Percival begins to grieve. He then tends to her and prepares her for burial, dressing her up in a wedding gown and slipping a ring on her finger, implying that he was planning on marrying her. Afterward, Percival attempts to commit suicide by hanging himself in his room, but is interrupted when Rooster rings the doorbell. Percival is consoled and gives Angel's Chicago bound ticket to Rooster, who is then reunited with his wife and children. Percival then begins to make records and tour in clubs throughout America and becomes famous. The film ends with pictures of Percival, and Angel in her coffin hung next to a picture of Percival's mother in her coffin at Percival's house.
The Creation of the Humanoids	American	sci-fi	Wesley Barry	The Earth is suffering the aftereffects of a nuclear war that destroyed 92 percent of humanity. Lingering radiation has caused the birth rate to fall below replacement level and the population continues to decline. A robotic labor force maintains a high standard of living for the survivors and the humanoids of the title are an advanced type of robot created to directly serve and otherwise work closely with human beings. These humanoids are built with artificial, ultra-logical personalities and they appear human except for their blue-gray synthe-skin, metallic eyes and lack of hair. The humanoids periodically visit recharging stations they call temples where they also exchange all information acquired since their last visit with a central computer they call the father-mother. A quasi-racist human organization named The Order of Flesh and Blood is opposed to the humanoids, which the members disparagingly refer to as clickers. The Order believes the humanoids are planning to take over the world and are a threat to the very survival of the human race. The Order does not stop at illegal violent actions, including bombings. At one meeting, its members are alarmed to learn of the existence of a humanoid which has been made externally indistinguishable from a human and which has killed a man. They demand that all existing humanoids be disassembled or downgraded to a strictly utilitarian machine-like form. Scientist Dr. Raven (Doolittle) has developed a technique called a thalamic transplant, which transfers the memories and personality of a recently deceased human into a robotic replica of that person. The human-humanoid hybrids that result awake from the process unaware of their own transformation, although their human personalities are shut off between 4 and 5 A.M., when they report back to the humanoids at the robot temple. As Dr. Raven describes the operation, We draw off everything that makes a man peculiar to himself. His learning, his memory: these, inter-reacting, constitute his personality, his philosophy, capability and attitude. The human brain is merely the vault in which the man is stored. With the help of Dr. Raven, the humanoids are secretly replacing humans who recently died with these replicas. One of the leaders of the Order of Flesh and Blood, Captain Kenneth Cragis (Megowan), meets Maxine, and although she is opposed to the Order they both fall in love. In the end they discover that they, too, are advanced humanoid replicas with the minds of deceased persons. Ironically, the real Maxine had died in a bomb attack which the Order intended to harm only robots. Dr. Raven, a once-human replica himself, explains to Cragis and Maxine that not only are they practically immortal in their new forms, they can also be the first humanoids upgraded to the highest possible level: after an alteration, they will be able to reproduce. Finally, Dr. Raven looks directly into the camera and tells the viewer, Of course, the operation was a success...or you wouldn't be here. This final line implies the story was set in the distant past.
Bunker Hill Bunny	American	animation	I. Freleng	Bugs, dressed as an American Minuteman defending a wooden fort against the red-coated Sam von Schamm (or Schmamm), the Hessian, defending a large stone fortress. Sam's fortress is heavily armored, bristling with artillery; by contrast, Bugs' defenses are rather pathetic, with only one cannon. Regardless, Sam is the only one manning his fort, which makes capturing Bugs' difficult considering the rabbit is able to retaliate by capturing his simultaneously. Sam attempts to continue his bombardment, but Bugs is able to put up a defence by simply catching his enemy's cannonballs with his own cannon fire them back. When Bugs tires of that contest, he is able to fire a large cork to plug Sam's main mortar and maneuver Sam to find himself shot in the face when he tries to remove it. Frustrated, Sam burrows his way under his base and into Bugs' base using a pickaxe. Upon surfacing, Sam lights a match, only to find that he has emerged in a room full of TNT. The room explodes, with Sam stumbling out, dazed. A last gambit, Sam attempts to use a keg of gunpowder to blow up Bug's base; unbeknownst to Sam, gunpowder falls into Sam's back pocket due to a hole in the keg, creating a trail of explosives. After Sam lights the fuse, Bugs, sitting on the powder keg and munching a carrot, calmly extinguishes it and nonchalantly lights the trail of gunpowder left by Sam. Fleeing from the inevitable trail, Sam runs away from the base and up an apple tree, only to have the tree explode on him. At this setback, a thoroughly defeated Sam admits that he is a Hessian without no aggression, and decides to defect to the rebels. To this, Bugs and Sam march in a fife-and-drum march reminiscent of the Archibald Willard painting The Spirit of '76 playing the song The Girl I Left Behind Me.
Clockers	American	drama	Spike Lee	In a Brooklyn, New York, New York City, New York housing project, a group of clockers — street-level drug dealers — sell drugs for Rodney Little (Delroy Lindo), a local drug lord. Rodney tells Ronald Strike Dunham (Mekhi Phifer), one of his lead clockers, that another dealer, Darryl Adams (Steve White), is stealing from him and Little wants Strike to kill Darryl Adams. Strike then meets with his brother, Victor Dunham (Isaiah Washington) and tries to persuade Victor to kill Darryl Adams. Rocco Klein (Harvey Keitel) and Larry Mazilli (John Turturro), homicide detectives, ride to the scene of Darryl Adams' murder. Larry and Rocco receive a phone call from another detective who says a man has confessed at a local church that he killed Darryl. The police meet Strike's older brother Victor at the church and take him in for questioning. In the interrogation room, Victor tells Rocco that he shot Darryl Adams in self-defense. Rocco finds holes in this story and starts looking into Victor's background which includes two jobs, a wife, two children, no criminal record, and aspirations to move out of the projects; Rocco comes to the conclusion that Victor is covering for his younger brother. Rodney accosts Strike for not killing Darryl Adams, with Errol Barnes, Rodney Little's enforcer, chastising Strike for getting Victor to do it. Later, Rodney Little tells Strike a story of a younger Rodney and an younger Errol (which goes to a flashback), where Errol threatened Rodney at gunpoint to kill a dealer. Rodney kills the dealer, and (back to Rodney and Strike) Rodney Little tells Strike the reason Errol forced him at gunpoint to do it was so that Errol Barnes could hold something over Rodney Little, if he ever decided to tell on him, which was why he told Strike to kill Darryl Adams. Rocco pressures Strike but Victor sticks to his story, so Rocco convinces Rodney that Strike has confessed and informed on Rodney's drug ring. Rocco arrests Rodney and then implicates Strike in front of his crew. Strike tries to play it off and deny that he was involved in Rodney's arrest, and his crew begins to turn on Strike, leading to the crew labeling Strike a snitch. Rodney calls Errol, advises that he is in jail and Rodney puts a hit out on Strike. Strike gets together some money and decides to leave town. As Strike walks to his car, he sees Errol sitting on his car, deducting that Errol is there to kill him. Strike hides behind a fence, but a younger boy who admired Strike, Tyrone, rides up to Errol on a bike and shoots him dead with Strike's gun. Later, Tyrone is taken into custody. With Rocco, Tyrone's mother and Andre listening, Tyrone confesses that he got the gun from Strike. Andre storms out of the interrogation room, and proceeds to look for Strike. Andre angrily beats Strike in front of the whole project, and threatens the on looking bystanders with a gun to stay back. Andre threatens to kill Strike if he ever talk to or even looks at the young boy again. As Andre says this to Strike, Rodney pulls up, which leads to Strike jumping in his own car and driving to the precinct, with Rodney following. Strike runs into Rocco (who now has an arrest warrant for Strike), and runs into the precinct as Rodney pulls up. Rocco tries to intimidate Strike into confessing to the murder, and Rocco loses his composure when Strike continues to change his story. When Rocco grabs Strike and throws him against the wall, Strike's mother walks in with Mazzilli and Victor's wife. She advises Rocco that Victor confessed to the murder immediately when he got home, and how Victor was physically unable to leave his bed. Strike asks his mom what happened to the bail money he gave Victor's wife, which leads to Strike's mom angrily throwing the money in Strike's face. As this is going on, Rodney proceeds to damage Strike's car (going as far as breaking the windows, damaging the doors, and urinating in the car). Left with no other options and unable to go home, Strike asks Rocco to drive him to Pennsylvania Station. As they are sitting in a car, Rocco threatens Strike that if he ever sees him again, he will arrest him, let Andre beat him down, then arrest Rodney on the same charges and he will make sure Rodney and Strike share a cell and a bed in prison. Strike boards a train and leaves town. While Tyrone is playing inside his apartment with the train set that Strike gave him, outside the apartment, Rocco and Mazzilli responds to a homicide of Scientific, one of the guys in Strike's old crew. The film ends with a shot of Strike looking outward on a moving train, alluded to be far away from the city.
The Body Said No!	British	comedy	Val Guest	In a British TV studio, Michael Rennie (as himself) is performing live in a dramatic broadcast. On a neighbouring set, cabaret singer Mikki Brent thinks she sees a coded plot being discussed to murder Rennie. Her friends are sceptical, but she warns Rennie, and various adventures and investigations ensue.
Squirm	American	horror	Jeff Lieberman	When a powerful storm knocks Fly Creek, Georgia's power lines down onto wet soil, the resulting surge of electricity drives large, bloodthirsty worms to the surface and out of their soil-tilling minds. The townspeople soon discover that their sleepy fishing village is overrun with worms that burrow right into their skin. Inundated by hundreds of thousands of carnivorous creatures, the terrorized locals race to find the cause of the rampage before becoming tilled under themselves.
Short Cuts	American	drama	Robert Altman	A fleet of helicopters sprays for medflies and reveals all the characters along the path of their flight. Dr. Ralph Wyman and his wife, Marian, meet another couple, Stuart and Claire Kane, at Zoe Trainer's cello concert and make a spontaneous Sunday dinner date. Marian's sister, Sherri, is married to philandering cop Gene, who invents unbelievable stories to hide his affair with Betty Weathers. Betty is in the process of divorcing one of the helicopter pilots, Stormy. Waitress Doreen Piggot is married to an alcoholic limo driver, Earl. Television commentator Howard Finnigan lives with his wife, Anne, and their young son, Casey, next door to Zoe and her mother, cabaret singer Tess. Their pool cleaner is Jerry Kaiser, whose wife, Lois, works from home as a phone sex operator by tending to the children while she talks off strange men. Jerry and Lois are friends with Doreen's daughter, Honey, and her husband, Bill, who works as a makeup artist. The day before the eighth birthday of Casey, Doreen hits him with her car as he is running to school. Casey appears fine and refuses Doreen's offer of a ride home, as she is a stranger. His mother comes home from ordering his birthday cake to find him slumped lethargically on the couch. Howard convinces her to take Casey to the hospital, where he remains unconscious. The baker calls the next day to inform Ann that the cake is ready, but Howard, wanting to keep the line free, briskly ends the conversation. The baker immediately calls back, incensed at being hung up on. While the Finnigans maintain their vigil, the baker continues to call and harass the couple. Howard's estranged father turns up at the hospital and recalls that Casey's hospitalization reminds him of the day that Howard was in a car accident as a boy. When Howard's mother went to her sister's house, she found her in bed with her husband, whom she had seduced. That led to the estrangement between father and son. Stuart and his two friends, Gordon and Vern, harass Doreen at the diner before they head out on their three-day fishing trip. On the first day, they find a young woman's body, submerged near some rocks. After some debate, they decide to tie her to the rocks, continue fishing, and report the body when they are done. When he comes home, Stuart eventually admits to Claire what they had done, and she is disgusted that they could fish for days with the woman's body nearby. The body is identified as a 23-year-old woman, and Claire visits the funeral home out of a sense of guilt. Stormy visits Betty's house, ostensibly to pick up his mother's clock but instead spends the day destroying her belongings. Bill and Honey entertain themselves in the apartment that they are watching while its owners are on vacation by taking some pictures of Honey in which Bill has made her up to look as if she were brutally beaten. Gene abandons the family dog on a strange street because he cannot endure its barking, but after several days of his distraught children's inquiries, he returns to the neighbourhood and retrieves the dog, who had been picked up by Vern's family. The Wymans get into a massive argument just before their dinner party with the Kanes. Marian admits to an affair. Both couples alleviate their stress by drinking heavily, and the party lasts all night long. One day, Casey's eyes begin to flutter. Ann's excitement grows, but just as he appears to be fully waking, he suddenly dies. Seeing that and being overwhelmed, Howard's father, Paul, leaves the hospital while the distraught couple returns home and informs Zoe of Casey's death. The next day, they go to the bakery to shame the baker over his abuse of them. When he learns why they never picked up the cake, he asks them to stay and gives them baked goods. Zoe, worn to the breaking point by her mother's alcoholism and her isolation, commits suicide by starting a car engine inside her garage; she plays the cello as she asphyxiates. Later that day, her mother discovers Zoe's death and is bewildered. When Honey picks up the pictures from the developer, they are mixed up with Gordon's. He is horrified to see the pictures of Honey, who is apparently beaten so badly, and she is horrified by the pictures Gordon took of the submerged body on his fishing trip. They walk away from each other, memorizing each other's license plates. Honey and Bill are on their way to a picnic with Jerry and Lois. In the park, Jerry and Bill try to rape two young women they encountered earlier, and Bill quickly makes an excuse to divvy up into couples. As he and one of the girls walk away from Jerry and the other girl, they hear her scream. They turn around to see Jerry hitting her in the head with a rock, just as a major earthquake strikes. In the aftermath, Jerry's murder of the girl is attributed to a falling rock during the earthquake.
Namak Halaal	Bollywood	drama	Prakash Mehra	Bhim Singh (Suresh Oberoi) works as a manager and personal bodyguard to Seth Raja Singh (Kamal Kapoor) and saves him from many murder attempts planned by Raja's step brother, Girdhar Singh. One day Raja Singh appoints Savitri (Waheeda Rehman), Bhim Singh's wife as trustee to their property and guardian to his toddler son Raja Kumar. On the same day, he and Bhim Singh die at the hands of Girdhar Singh. Savitri promises her husband that she would take care of Raja Kumar at any rate. Everyone including Bhim Singh's father Dashrath Singh (Om Prakash) blames Savitri thinking that she killed her husband and employer for money. Savitri hands over young Arjun to Dashrath Singh and settles herself as Raja Kumar's mother to protect him. Later Arjun (Amitabh Bachchan) grows up to be a naive youngster under the care of Dashrath Singh. He moves to the city to build his life on his own and joins as a bellboy in a five star restaurant. There he meets Poonam (Smita Patil) and they both fall in love. That hotel is owned by Raja Kumar (Shashi Kapoor) and run by Savitri. Hotel manager Ranjit Singh (Ranjeet) is the son of Girdhar Singh and plans to kill Raja. They manage to show Savitri as a culprit and Raja believes that and suspects Savitri. Gradually Arjun comes to know that Savitri is actually his, not Raja's mother and swears that he would protect Raja at any rate, just like his father did. Meanwhile Raja meets a beautiful young dancer Nisha (Parveen Babi) and gets attracted to her. She is actually hired by Ranjit Singh to kill Raj, but Nisha falls in love with Raja and couldn't kill him. Finally she arranges a party on a boat to execute her plan, but Arjun foils it. Finally goons kidnap Arjun's and Raj's family members and blackmail them to transfer all his property to Ranjit's name. Arjun and Raja beat all bad guys and save their loved ones. Raja marries Nisha and Arjun marries Poonam at the end and they reconcile with their mother Savitri.
The Wrath of God	American	western	Ralph Nelson	Van Horne (played by Mitchum), a bank robber dressed like a Roman Catholic priest, is spared from a firing squad in 1922 in an unnamed Central America nation and sent to kill a local desperado.
A Touch of Larceny	British	comedy	Guy Hamilton	A British World War II naval war hero, Commander Max Rammer Easton (James Mason), is charming and a bit of rake. He holds a mid-level staff position at the British Admiralty, but spends most of his free time playing squash and pursuing women. While at his private club, he meets Sir Charles Holland (George Sanders) and later Holland's American companion, Virginia Killain (Vera Miles). As soon as Holland goes away for a few days, Max makes a play for Virginia, but she is engaged to be married to Holland and is offended by Max describing him as dull. Undaunted, he continues to slowly charm her until she agrees to have lunch with him. They later go sailing on Easton's sailboat, and he continues to put his charm on display. Max can tell that Virginia is impressed by Holland's old school wealth. He claims that it is easy to acquire money, which she challenges, so on the spot he comes up with an unscrupulous scheme to demonstrate to her just how easy it is: After suddenly disappearing under suspicious circumstances, he would leave behind clues and red herrings leading others to jump to the conclusion that he is a traitor, having stolen top secret naval documents from his division, then defected to the Soviet Union. The scandal would leak and spread though the British press like wildfire. Upon his sudden and surprising return, he would sue the press for libel, raking in thousands of pounds in out-of-court settlements. To prove that he is quite serious about her, he implements his complex scheme. Max is later publicly branded a traitor by the press, all according to plan. Virginia is at first amused by this, then annoyed when she realizes he has actually gone through with it. When she tells Sir Charles, he is outraged and says something must be done. Max's elaborate plan backfires, however, when just as he is about to return, he becomes marooned for real on an out-of-the-way rocky island off the Scottish coast and cannot get home. After eventually being rescued, Max learns that Sir Charles has revealed to authorities everything that Virginia told him about Max's hoax. When confronted by authorities about his deception, Max cleverly frees himself from suspicion of any wrong-doing. He then continues to charm Virginia by saying he now plans on selling his story of survival and rescue to the very same press he originally intended to defraud. Against her better judgment, having now split from Sir Charles over the incident, she agrees to marry him, finding him irresistible.
Bad Girls	American	western	Jonathan Kaplan	Cody, Anita, Eileen and Lily work together in a brothel. When Anita is abused by a customer, Cody kills the man. Narrowly escaping from a lynch mob, they are pursued by Pinkerton detectives hired by the widow of the man they'd shot. A man they meet on the road, McCoy, warns them of the pursuit. They discuss riding to Oregon and starting a new life by taking up a claim to land inherited by Anita when her husband died of cholera. Cody offers to fund their new start from savings she has accumulated over the years. They go to the bank where Cody's savings are held. As she tries to close her account and make a withdrawal, the Pinkerton detectives catch up with her and try to arrest her. Leaving the bank manager's office, they find themselves in the middle of a bank robbery being staged by Kid Jarrett, a former lover of Cody. He helps her escape from arrest but takes her money and tells her to find him. During the escape, Eileen is arrested. Cody decides to go after the money and Kid Jarrett, telling Anita and Lilly to wait in hiding. Anita and Lilly return to town to break Eileen out of jail. Cody's meeting with Kid Jarrett and Frank Jarrett does not go well. Kid Jarrett has not forgiven her for running out on him. He flogs her. Later, she is found unconscious by McCoy, who brings her to a healer in town and puts the Pinkerton detectives off her trail. McCoy, Cody and the other three women meet up on the ranch of a farmer who'd been guarding Eileen's cell (and whom they'd tricked into releasing her). Cody plans revenge on Kid Jarrett. They foil a train robbery and steal his loot, at the cost of Lilly being abducted. In turn, they abduct Frank Jarrett, Kid's father. Regrouping again on the ranch, Anita leaves the others, frustrated with their revenge-motivated misadventures. She goes to a lawyer in town and finds out that the claim to land is only valid in the hands of her husband - as a woman, she cannot claim the land in Oregon. Frank Jarrett antagonizes his captors until McCoy shoots him. Cody sends away McCoy. Meanwhile, Lilly is being raped by her captors. McCoy stages a one-man rescue attempt and is captured, but Lilly escapes. Reunited, Cody, Anita and Eileen go to rescue Lilly and meet her on the road. When she tells them that McCoy has been captured, they continue towards Kid Jarrett's hide out, and offer to trade the stolen loot for McCoy, who has been flogged and tortured. Kid agrees, then shoots McCoy as soon as the loot is handed over. He gives Cody the money he stole from her (although in close up it clearly is mid-20th century currency). While retreating, one of Lilly's would-be rapists taunts her, triggering a shootout that results in the deaths of Kid's entire gang. After the shootout, Eileen marries the rancher, while Lilly, Cody and Anita head west to start a new life, mentioning the Klondike Gold Rush of 1896. On the trail they overtake the Pinkerton detectives, who do not see them.
The Gables Mystery	British	crime	Harry Hughes	Police are called to investigate a murder at a country house named The Gables where they find a number of strange characters living.
Darna Zaroori Hai	Bollywood	horror	Ram Gopal Varma and Sajid Khan	Darna Zaroori Hai interweaves six stories into one film. Five children get lost in the middle of a forest until they find a haunted house. Inside, there is an old woman who agrees to tell them six scary stories, and they will all compete on who is able to sit through all six stories without getting scared.[3][4][5] The first story is about a young film-buff named Satish (Manoj Pahwa), living with his mother. Satish has a habit of watching a Bollywood movie in theaters every Friday, on the last show of the day. He decides to watch the film Darna Mana Hai. His mother warns him not to take the graveyard shortcut because it's Friday the 13th, a new moon night, and witches might appear. He insults his mother, and takes the shortcut. He safely arrives at the cinema, buys his regular snacks, gets some change back, watches the movie and returns home. On his return, he once again uses the graveyard shortcut. Walking through the graveyard, he hears clinking footsteps and begins to run. He sees a witch and falls to the ground in terror. His fear leads to his death. It turns out the footsteps were actually the coins jingling in his pocket as he walked and the witch he saw was actually a poster for a movie, Darna Zaroori Hai. Five children arrive at a haunted house. The resident of the house, an old woman, decides to tell them six scary stories. The children decide to have a competition to see who gets scared first. The first story is about a professor, Sunil Khanna (Amitabh Bachchan), who is giving tuition to one of his Biotechnology student Altaaf (Riteish Deshmukh) at home. Every minute, the professor points out something (or someone) in his house. Once in the kitchen, once in the dining room and once on the sofa. The annoyed student decides to leave when the professor warns him not to leave the house, or the ghost will go after him as well. Curious, the student asks the professor about the ghost and the professor tells him that the ghost is an exact lookalike of himself, except he has a hollow face with a hat. The frightened student tries to run but the professor takes him in front of the mirror and points at his reflection. The professor's reflection in the mirror looks exactly like the ghost he talked about. After the story, one child, Nisha, goes down to the bathroom, only to come back as a ghost without revealing her real identity. Nisha sits down with the rest of the kids with a bowed head. The second story is about a photographer, Kunal (Arjun Rampal), who confronts a strange house when his car breaks down. There, Varsha (Bipasha Basu) invites him in and claims she has been lonely for the past few years since her husband Rahul died. He tries to make a phone call but is confronted by Rahul. He gets scared and says that Varsha opened the door, but gets astonished on listening that Varsha is the one who had died 2 years ago, and not Rahul (Makrand Deshpande). They then confess to a scared Kunal that they were playing a prank on him. The two explain to Kunal that Rahul has been trying to call spirits and bring them down to earth. When Kunal interrupts by saying he's in hurry, Rahul plays as if he is calling a spirit of a mechanic. After a few moments, the three hear a door knock, and Rahul goes outside to check and then he screams for Varsha and while Kunal decides to stay inside the house. When she comes out, there lies Kunal dead in the driver seat of his broken-down car. The scream was from Rahul, who was horrified at seeing Kunal's dead body. The door was knocked by a trespasser and he asks them to inform the police. Just then, Kunal walks out and declares in a chilly voice that spirits do come, whenever you call them. But sometimes sending them back becomes very difficult and he laughs in a chilly voice. After this story, another child, Rohan, goes to the bathroom but he too returns as a ghost. The third story revolves around a couple, Vishwas (Sunil Shetty), and his wife (Sonali Kulkarni) who both live with their son, Chintu. One fine day, the three are visited by an insurance agent Prabhakar Pandit (Rajpal Yadav) who keeps warning them about the risk of life and that accidents are never predicted. They kick him out of the house and their doorbell suddenly rings. They open the door only to find that there is no one there. They go back into the house but the bell rings yet again. It is the agent again, who claims it is raining outside and he has left his umbrella inside. He takes out many things such as a knife, rope and gun, which all represent different ways to die in life. Vishwas gets tired of him and asks him to leave. The agent then takes out the gun and threatens Vishwas and his family. Vishwas gets into a struggle with the agent which results in the agent being accidentally shot. Before he dies, as if confirming his statement, he says, See sir, accidents are never predicted! After the story, another child, Aditi, leaves the room to get water and comes back with same fate as the two previous ones. A film director, Karan Chopra (Anil Kapoor), decides to make a horror film. On the way to the sets, he gives a lift to a fine young woman, Riya (Mallika Sherawat), who pretends to be a ghost. Karan thinks she is just playing a prank and Riya later also claims that she was just joking. When stormy weather hits, Karan takes Riya to his mansion. The electricity and lights go out and Riya's face starts to gore with blood. Karan still thinks she's playing a prank, but when her voice turns ghostly, he falls to the floor and dies in shock. Riya takes off her mask, which was stained with fake blood, and a microphone that changed her voice to make it sound ghostly. It is revealed that she really was only playing a joke on him. She says that she was trying to audition for his new horror film, but it's too late now anyway since Karan has already died on his own bedroom floor. After this story, another child leaves the room to get water and also becomes a ghost. The fifth story centres on Ajay (Randeep Hooda), a young man driving on the road. He finds a young woman standing on the highway. When he approaches her, he becomes frozen after seeing her face. Shortly after, he wakes up in a jail accused of murdering a man. A police officer, (Zakir Hussain), brings the mother of the murdered victim to the police station for justice. But the mother is shocked to find that Ajay is possessed by the spirit of a woman, who turns out to be her daughter-in-law, Sandhya. It's revealed that the mother-in-law, her husband, and son had burned the newly-wedded bride to death and her spirit has come back for revenge. Sandhya's spirit reveals that it possessed Ajay and killed the son. The spirit enters the police officer's body and shoots her mother-in-law. When the spirit leaves the officer's body, he realises what has happened and secretly buries the body. Ajay is released and is driving back to the city when he sees Sandhya's spirit in the backseat. She says that her father-in-law is away in the city on a business trip and she must complete her revenge. She assures him that she will not harm him—all he has to do is drop her off there. This last part was severely criticized by the Indian public as spirits, ghosts and spectres are believed to be able to freely transport themselves without the means that are used by humans. After all of the stories are over, one boy, Ashu, claims that he is still not scared. The old lady smirks as the lights of the house suddenly turn off. The stunned boy looks around him. The lights turn back on immediately and he sees that he is the only one in the room: as if no one was ever there. The lights go off and turn back on again, this time to reveal his friends, all of whom are now ghosts, giving him eerie smiles. The old woman appears back on her chair, giving him a witch's smile. Realizing what is going on, the boy tries to make a frantic escape out of the house but the doors are all jammed and locked. Just as the boy looks back at the upstairs room to see if he was followed out, he sees the old lady right beside him, smirking. The old lady's hair is snow-white and scattered; her killer smile gives the boy a heart attack and he dies at the scene. The next morning, the house is swarming with police and the media. The police clear away the bodies of the dead children. The old servant of the house tells the police officers that a long time ago, the house belonged to an old lady who loved children but unfortunately, she had no children of her own. He explains that once, he had left her for hours to get her some medication (just as the old lady had told the children), and when he returned, he found her dead. The film ends with a reporter reading the tragic story of a camping trip-turned-nightmare for the six children. He says that the exact cause of death of the children is still unknown and will most likely never be known, however, one thing is for certain- all the children died of cardiac failure or in simple words — fear.
The Naked Truth	British	comedy	Mario Zampi	Nigel Dennis (Dennis Price) is a blackmailer who threatens to publish embarrassing secrets in his magazine The Naked Truth. After attempting to blackmail a famous scientist (who commits suicide), and an MP (who suffers a heart attack in parliament, and probably succumbs), his latest targets are Lord Henry Mayley (Terry-Thomas), television host Sonny MacGregor (Peter Sellers), writer Flora Ransom (Peggy Mount), and model Melissa Right (Shirley Eaton). Several of them decide independently that murder would be a better solution than paying. However, it is Mayley who by sheer bad luck nearly ends up the victim of both MacGregor and Ransom's schemes. The four eventually join forces and try again. That attempt also fails, but Dennis is then arrested for an earlier crime. When Dennis threatens to reveal all at his trial, Mayley comes up with a scheme to break him out of prison and send him to South America, with the help of hundreds of his other victims. They phone in numerous fake calls for help, distracting the London police, while Mayley, MacGregor, and MacGregor's reluctant assistant Porter (Kenneth Griffith), disguised as policemen, whisk Dennis away. Knocking Dennis unconscious periodically, they finally end up in the cabin of a blimp on the way to a rendezvous with an outbound ship. To their dismay, when he comes to, Dennis refuses to go along with their plan, as he in fact never wanted to reveal any of their secrets in court. He was, in fact, optimistic about the trial anyway, and reveals that the evidence was his copies of The Naked Truth which had been destroyed by the plotters earlier. Happy to have outsmarted his opponents again, but unaware of where he is, Dennis then steps out for some air and plummets to the ocean below. When MacGregor celebrates by shooting his pistol, it punctures the blimp, which shoots away into the distance.
The Tattooed Stranger	American	crime	Edward Montagne	A rookie detective (John Miles) leads the investigation of a series of brutal murders.
Unknown World	American	sci-fi	Terry O. Morse	Dr. Jeremiah Morley (Victor Kilian) is concerned about an imminent nuclear war. He organizes an expedition of scientists and has them use a large atomic-powered tank-like boring machine, the Cyclotram, capable of drilling down deep through earth and stone, to find an underground environment where humanity could escape the coming nuclear holocaust. The expedition (Jim Bannon, Marilyn Nash, Otto Waldis, Tom Handley and Dick Cogan) begins after government funding has fallen through and they are bailed out at the last minute by private funding from a newspaper heir (Bruce Kellogg), who insists on going with them as a lark. Romantic rivalry develops between Bannon and Kellogg for Nash, and two lives are lost to the perils of the dangerous expedition. In the end the scientists accomplish their goal and find an enormous underground expanse with a plentiful air supply, its own ocean, and phosphorescent light. However, all the lab rabbits brought with them give birth to dead offspring. Through autopsies, it is discovered that this underground world has somehow rendered the rabbits, and hence any other life form, sterile. Dr. Morley is deeply depressed by the news. When an underground volcano suddenly erupts, he fails to enter the safety of the Cyclotram and quickly perishes. The Cyclotram, carrying the remaining survivors, enters the underground ocean. They soon find themselves rising to the surface of the upper world, having been caught up in a strong upward moving ocean current. They eventually surface near a tropical island.
Bride of Chucky	American	horror	Ronny Yu	One month after the events of the previous film, Tiffany (Jennifer Tilly), a girlfriend and former accomplice of serial killer Charles Lee Ray (Brad Dourif), acquires Chucky's remains from a police compound after bribing and murdering a police officer who removed the doll's remains from an evidence locker. Believing that Ray's soul still inhabits the doll, Tiffany crudely stitches Chucky back together and reenacts the voodoo ritual which had instilled Ray's soul inside the doll ten years ago. Though her incantations fail at first, Chucky unexpectedly comes alive and kills Tiffany's Goth admirer Damien (Alexis Arquette) as Tiffany looks on with excitement. Hoping to pick up where she and Ray left off, Tiffany presents Chucky with a diamond ring which he left for her the night he was killed. Upon realizing that Tiffany believed the gift to be an engagement ring, Chucky explains that he stole it from one of his wealthier victims when he was a notorious human serial killer. Heartbroken and enraged, Tiffany punishes Chucky by locking him in a playpen and later gives him a doll in a wedding dress to mock him. While Tiffany is taking a bath, Chucky escapes the playpen and pushes the television set into the bathtub, electrocuting her. He then uses the same voodoo ritual to transfer Tiffany's soul into the bride doll in order for her to feel what he went through as a living doll. Still intent on becoming human again, Chucky reveals his plan to Tiffany that they must retrieve a magical amulet that was buried with Ray's body in order to transfer their souls into the bodies of Tiffany's neighbor Jesse (Nick Stabile) and his girlfriend Jade (Katherine Heigl). Tiffany sends Jesse a message asking him to take the two dolls to Hackensack, New Jersey, in exchange for money. Jesse proposes to Jade and convinces her to go with him, but as they pack up, Jade's strict and overprotective uncle police chief Warren (John Ritter) plants a bag of marijuana in Jesse's van to frame him. To stop him sabotaging their plan, Chucky and Tiffany set up a car airbag to launch nails into his face and hide his body. Jesse and Jade return and begin their trip. Outside a convenience store, they are pulled over by Officer Norton, who searches Jesse's car and finds the marijuana. As he goes back to his patrol car to report it, Chucky causes the car to explode, killing Norton in the process. Witnessing the explosion, Jesse and Jade flee the scene. They both begin to suspect that one of them might have caused the incident and begin to trust each other less, much to the amusement of Chucky and Tiffany. Despite their trust issues, Jesse and Jade stop at a wedding chapel/hotel and get married. Meanwhile, as Chucky and Tiffany are talking in the van, they discover that Warren is still alive. Warren tries to escape, but he is killed by Chucky. While Jesse and Jade are at the hotel, a con artist couple steals Jesse's money. As the criminals make love in their room, Tiffany throws a bottle at the mirrored ceiling. The falling shards of glass horribly kill the two con artists. Amazed, Chucky instantly proposes to Tiffany, and the two consummate their marriage. The next morning, a hotel maid finds the corpses of the couple, and Jesse and Jade drive away with their friend and confidante David (Gordon Michael Woolvett), who knew about their plan to elope. David reveals that Jesse and Jade are the main suspects for all of the deaths. Just as Jesse and Jade realize that they are innocent, David finds Warren's body in the trunk and confronts them. The dolls then come alive and hold them hostage with guns, ordering them to keep driving. David alerts a police officer and is instantly killed by an oncoming truck. Horrified, Jesse and Jade drive away with the dolls. Chucky and Tiffany reveal their plan to Jesse and Jade. They then direct Jesse to steal a mobile home to use as a new vehicle to evade the police. Tiffany prepares Jade for the body-switch, and cooks Swedish meatballs and cookies for Chucky, who comments to Jesse that he loves his married life. Through the driving mirror, Jesse notices a large stack of dishes by the sink and gets an idea; remembering what Tiffany said to him about when a woman cooks for man he should do the dishes in gratitude. He comments to Chucky about Tiffany's lack of tidiness. Jade continues the ruse by commenting to Tiffany that Chucky is being ungrateful for her hard work and should help her. Soon a fight between Tiffany and Chucky ensues. Jade locks Tiffany into an oven, while Jesse pushes Chucky out the window. Chucky shoots at Jesse, causing the mobile home to run off the road and into a ditch. Chucky forces Jade at gunpoint to take him to his grave site, while Jesse takes Tiffany and follows them. Chucky orders Jade to open the casket and take the amulet, which she does. Jesse then appears with Tiffany and they trade hostages, but Chucky throws a knife into Jesse's back, and ties up the couple for the ritual. As Chucky begins the incantation, Tiffany kisses him as a distraction to kill him, saying that the two belong dead. Of course, one stab in the back will not finish Chucky, and he ends the fight when Tiffany is stabbed in the heart and collapses. Jesse then knocks Chucky into his own grave with a shovel. A private investigator (Lawrence Dane) arrives and witnesses the scene. Jade grabs the investigator's gun and shoots Chucky several times in the chest, killing him. After contacting the police, the investigator tells Jesse and Jade that Chucky is responsible for the murders and sends the couple on their way home. As the investigator inspects Tiffany, she gives birth to a baby doll before finally dying. The baby doll then attacks the investigator and the scene cuts to black.
Clockwork Mice	British	drama	Vadim Jean	A teacher manages to bond with a special needs student.
The Badlanders	American	western	Delmer Daves	In 1898, two men are released from the Arizona Territorial Prison. One, mining engineer and geologist Peter Van Hoek (Ladd), the Dutchman, tells the warden he was framed for the robbery of a gold shipment from the Lisbon Mine. The other, John McBain (Borgnine), killed Bascomb, the man who cheated him out of his land. The two men head separately to the town of Prescott, where neither is welcome. The marshal, whom Van Hoek accuses of framing him, orders him to leave town on the next stagecoach, at sundown the next day. At the hotel, the Dutchman meets guest Ada Winton (Claire Kelly), the lonely mistress of Cyril Lounsberry (Kent Smith). McBain rescues a Mexican woman, Anita (Katy Jurado), when men accost her on the street. Though Leslie (Adam Williams), the deputy, saves McBain's life in the ensuing fight, he gives McBain the same deadline to leave, even though McBain's folks settled the township. A grateful Anita invites McBain to stay in her place, and the two are attracted to each other. The Dutchman gets Sample (Robert Emhardt) to introduce him to Lounsberry. Lounsberry had married Bascomb's homely sister for her money. Van Hoek offers to sell him gold ore from an extremely rich deposit that only he knows about. It is worth at least $200,000, but Van Hoek will be satisfied with half that amount in cash. He lies when Lounsberry jokingly asks if it is from his wife's Lisbon Mine. The prospect of being a rich man in his own right and leaving for Europe with Ada makes Lounsberry agree. Van Hoek recruits a reluctant McBain and demolition expert Vincente (Nehemiah Persoff) for his scheme. They time it so the explosion needed to extract the ore goes off as the same time as the regular blasting. They get the ore out, but when Van Hoek and McBain take it to Lounsberry, he tries to double cross them. Leslie is killed and McBain wounded in the ensuing gunfight. Van Hoek takes McBain to Anita's place and digs out the bullet, then leaves in a wagon with the gold. However, Lounsberry, Sample and their men soon corner him in town during a fiesta. McBain goes to the Dutchman's aid. Then Anita has her many Mexican friends surround and disarm the villains. Van Hoek entrusts McBain and Anita with the gold, telling them he will meet them later in Durango to split it up equally. Then, keeping his word, he leaves on the stagecoach with fellow passenger Ada.
The Evil Dead	American	horror	Sam Raimi	Five Michigan State University students, Ash Williams, his girlfriend, Linda, Ash's sister, Cheryl, their friend Scotty, and his girlfriend Shelly, venture into rural Tennessee to vacation in an isolated cabin for their spring break. They soon run into trouble, with Scotty nearly colliding with a truck, then barely getting the group to safety when the bridge leading to the cabin starts to collapse. That night, while Cheryl is sketching an old clock, she notices it stopping. She hears a faint, demonic voice outside her window say join us. After she shrugs it off, her hand becomes possessed, causing her to draw a picture that looks like a book with a deformed, evil face. Unsure of what happened and what to do, she decides not to mention the incident to the others. When the trapdoor to the cellar mysteriously flies open during dinner, Ash and Scotty go down to investigate and find the Naturom Demonto, a Sumerian version of the Egyptian Book of the Dead, along with a tape recorder belonging to the archaeologist who owned it. When Scotty plays it, the archaeologist's voice recites a series of incantations, resurrecting a mysterious, demonic entity. Cheryl becomes increasingly hysterical and locks herself in her room. Later, she hears strange voices and goes outside to investigate. Meanwhile, Ash gives Linda a silver necklace, which she absolutely loves. Cheryl is then attacked and raped by demonically possessed trees, but manages to escape. Unable to convince the others of what happened, she asks Ash to take her into town for the night. However, Ash soon discovers that the bridge has been destroyed. Back at the cabin, Ash listens to more of the tape, learning that the only way to kill the entity is to dismember it when it possesses a host. Cheryl succumbs to the entity and attacks the others, stabbing Linda in the ankle with a pencil before Scotty is able to force her into the cellar. Shelly becomes possessed as well, forcing Scotty to chop up her body with an axe and bury the remains. Shaken by the experience, he leaves to find a way back to town. When Ash goes to check on Linda, he is horrified to find that she has already begun to turn. A badly-injured Scotty staggers into the cabin and dies of his wounds, having been attacked by the trees. While Ash tries to figure out what to do, both Linda and Cheryl pretend to be cured, only to quickly revert to their demonic forms. Ash locks Linda outside, but she returns and tries to stab him before he impales her with a dagger. He tries to cut up her remains with a chainsaw, but can't bring himself to do so, and ends up burying her instead. When he reaches for her necklace on the ground, she escapes again trying to kill him. Ash decapitates her with a shovel, and her headless body bleeds all over Ash's face as it tries to rape him before he escapes. Back in the cabin, he quickly realizes that Cheryl has forced open the trapdoor. After wounding her with a shotgun, he heads to the basement for more ammunition. There, the entity tortures him by dousing him with blood from a pipe, while more blood seeps from the walls and ceilings. Scotty is revived as a demon and attacks Ash when he goes back upstairs, while Cheryl savagely beats him with a fireplace poker. Ash gets his hands on the book with Linda's necklace, and throws it into the fireplace. As the book burns, Scotty and Cheryl begin to gruesomely decompose and their blood sprays all over Ash as he stares in horror and disgust. After Scotty and Cheryl are dead, Ash hears the voice of the demons telling him Join Us. As the voice dies away as well, Ash grabs Linda's necklace in gratitude. Covered in the blood of his friends and sister, Ash stumbles outside as the sun begins to rise. Before he can get in his car to leave, a surviving entity attacks him from behind. The very last shot of the film is Ash letting out a final scream of terror before the film cuts abruptly to the ending credits.
Dragon Ball Z: Broly the Legendary Super Saiyan	Japanese	animation	Shigeyasu Yamauchi	On his planet in the Otherworld, King Kai senses the destruction of the South Galaxy by an unknown Super Saiyan, and realizes that the North Galaxy will be next. To this end, King Kai contacts Goku telepathically while he and Chi-Chi are sitting down having an interview inside a private school which they hope to send Gohan to. In the middle of the interview, Goku teleports to King Kai's planet and is told the entire story. Meanwhile, on Earth, while the Z-Fighters are picnicking in an unknown peaceful area, a spaceship lands and an army of humanoids appear and greet Vegeta as their king. Their leader is a Saiyan, Paragus, who claims that he has created a New Planet Vegeta and wishes for Vegeta to accompany him in order to rule as the new king. Vegeta initially refuses, but agrees after Paragus tells him that a being known as the Legendary Super Saiyan is running rampant throughout the galaxy and must be destroyed before he comes to Earth. Skeptical of Paragus' story, Gohan, Trunks, Krillin, Master Roshi and Oolong go along with Vegeta. On New Vegeta, Vegeta meets Paragus' son, Broly, and the two leave together to hunt down the Legendary Super Saiyan. Gohan, Trunks and Krillin meet the planet's slaves and defend them from their abusive masters. During the struggle, Goku arrives via Instant Transmission, having followed their energy signals after King Kai's story. The slaves tell them that the Legendary Super Saiyan destroyed their planet, and they were found by Paragus, who made them into his slaves. That night, Vegeta and Broly return, having had no luck. While Vegeta receives Goku coldly, Broly appears agitated at the mere sight of him, and only calms down when Paragus raises his hand and a light shines on his bracelet. Despite this, Broly attacks Goku in the middle of the night. The two fight evenly matched for a while until Paragus appears and calms Broly down again. After the fight Goku suspects that Broly is the Legendary Super Saiyan due to their similar ki and also begins to doubt Paragus' claims. Paragus, for his part, has been controlling Broly with a mind control device, which he suspects may be malfunctioning. Paragus then realises that it is Broly's connection to Goku that has made him angry: Broly and Goku were born on the same day and were in neighbouring pods, and Goku's constant crying agitated Broly so much that it made him resent Goku for many years afterwards, and now, having come face to face with him, old wounds have begun to surface. Vegeta soon loses patience with Paragus and decides to return to Earth with the others, but Goku and the others confront Paragus, having realised that Broly is in fact the Legendary Super Saiyan himself. The slaves, upon seeing Broly, also identify him as the one who destroyed their planet, but Broly again becomes fixated on Goku, and his rage erupts so much that he breaks free of the mind control device and transforms into a behemoth of a Super Saiyan: the Legendary Super Saiyan. Broly sets his eyes on Goku and begins fighting him and the others, while Vegeta, frightened of the Legendary Super Saiyan, loses the will to fight. Paragus taunts Vegeta for his naïveté and reveals his true story and intentions: many years ago, on Planet Vegeta, Broly was born with a power level of 10,000, (but Goku was born with a power level of 2), which was an impressive feat for anyone, let alone a baby to achieve. However, King Vegeta feared that the baby would grow up to become a threat to his royal family line and ordered him executed. Paragus barged into the court and begged King Vegeta to spare him, but he refused and severely wounded Paragus. Broly was stabbed in the stomach, and he and Paragus were left for dead. However, that same day, Frieza destroyed Planet Vegeta, and just before the explosion, Broly manifested his anger to blast him and Paragus away from planet Vegeta only seconds before demolition. Because of Goku's crying, the attempted execution, and having to survive the Saiyan eradication, Broly grew into a severely unstable child. At one point blinding Paragus in one eye, and Paragus only managed to pacify him via the mind control device. Since then, Paragus' goal has been revenge on King Vegeta through his son, Vegeta, and to take over the Earth as a new Planet Vegeta from which to rule the entire Universe. Furthermore, a comet, Camori, is approaching New Vegeta, and will destroy it upon impact. Broly makes quick work of Goku, Gohan and Trunks. Piccolo arrives with Senzu beans but is also beaten, but summons enough will power to forcibly bring Vegeta to the battlefield. Seeing Broly pummel his friends repeatedly eventually gives Vegeta enough incentive to join the fight, but he also proves to be no match for Broly. Paragus tries to escape from New Vegeta by himself, but Broly catches him in the act and kills him by crushing the space pod with his bare hands and throwing it towards the comet. However, despite Broly's power, Goku refuses to stay down, and takes every blow Broly lands on him, even with his friends offering him their remaining power. After much reluctance, Vegeta finally gives some of his energy, which gives Goku enough power to resist Broly and punch him in exactly the same place where he was stabbed as a baby, causing Broly to bleed profusely and apparently explode. Just as Camori hits and destroys New Vegeta, the Z Fighters and the slaves escape in the spaceship Piccolo used to follow Goku and Vegeta. Goku and Gohan teleport straight to their garden, where they are confronted by an angry Chi-Chi, who is annoyed with Goku for leaving during the interview. Goku then comically recites what Chi-Chi told him to say for the school interview, causing her to faint.
Sigaram Thodu	Tamil	action	Gaurav	Muralipandian alias Murali (Vikram Prabhu) is the only son of Chellapandian (Chellapa) (Sathyaraj), a disabled policeman who is now working in the State Crime Records Bureau and expresses a desire to see his son in the police one day. However, Murali is against becoming a policeman due to an incident which happened in his childhood; when Chellapa lost his leg during police duty, his wife fell down the stairs on hearing the news, leading to her death and left a crippled Chellapa to single-handedly look after the young Murali. His ambition is to become a bank manager and he manages to get an interview for the same in a bank. While on a pilgrimage, Murali meets Ambujam (Monal Gajjar), a young doctor who is travelling with her chaperone, who is her grandmother. Ambujam initially thinks ill of Murali due to unsavoury incidents which occur between them during the journey, but after she finds out about Murali's true character and Murali helps her grandmother Aishwarya (Kovai Sarala) recover from dehydration, she falls in love with him. She expresses a distaste for marrying policemen, which impresses Murali. Meanwhile, a spate of robberies occur in Chennai. Money is stolen from several bank accounts through ATM machines. The robberies are led by a bank employee Shiva (Gaurav Narayanan) assisted by a karate teacher Lawrence (Charandeep). The duo manage to avoid being caught as they hide their identity by wearing bike helmets. Murali first encounters the duo robbing an ATM while returning from the pilgrimage and breaks Lawrence's arm in a fight. An injured Lawrence vows to take revenge on Murali for breaking his arm. Later, Murali receives a letter stating that he had been accepted at the Tamil Nadu Police Academy for police training. He reluctantly attends the training for Chellapa's sake and deliberately performs poorly during the training in the hope of getting expelled from the academy. Unfortunately, the head of the academy, SP Nagaraj, who happens to be Ambujam's father and a former colleague of Chellapa, finds out about Murali's plan and makes a deal with him to avoid the matter reaching Chellapa's ears; however badly Murali had performed during training, he will not be expelled from the academy. Instead, he will be made a sub-inspector, with the assurance that he can resign if he doesn't like the job after 30 days, after which he can marry Ambujam. Murali accepts, but this strains his relationship with Ambujam. Shiva and Lawrence plan to steal money from ATMs using information from international credit cards. The robbery is a success, but the CCTV cameras in two different ATMs have exposed Shiva as one of the robbers due to his height. The duo are arrested by Murali, who is now a sub-inspector, but they manage to subdue the constables and escape later that night, while Murali is out on a date with Ambujam. They encounter Chellapa, mercilessly beat him up and shoot him in the chest. Ambujam feels sorry about what happened to Chellapa and finally accepts Murali's decision to become a policeman. Buoyed by Ambujam's approval, and also determined to take revenge on those who shot Chellapa, Murali takes up the robbery case with full vigour. He assumes that the duo did not work alone, instead having an accomplice. This proves to be true; the accomplice turns out to be a forger who made fake credit cards for the duo to steal money from the ATMs, but this evidence reaches a dead end when the accomplice reveals that he never saw the duo without their bike helmets on. Murali then interrogates the security guards of ATMs in the outskirts of Chennai as he feels that the robbers would have used them to conduct their robberies since money would not be refilled in such ATMs until it runs short of cash due to lesser number of withdrawals unlike in ATMs within the city where refilling of cash is done regularly. One of the guards interrogated turns out to be an accomplice of the robbers, providing them gadgets to assist them in the robbery. He however, doesn't know where they are. Murali decides to track the robber's phones with the intention of finding their location once someone calls them. In retribution, Shiva and Lawrence try to kill Chellapa, who is in the ICU, also kidnapping Ambujam in the process. Murali rushes to the hospital, where he sees Chellapa still alive, after which he pursues the robbers, finally encountering them on the banks of the Cooum river. He kills both of them and rescues Ambujam. The movie ends with Murali being honoured by the police department in the presence of Ambujam and Chellapa, for his role in thwarting the ATM robbery.
Candyman 2: Farewell to the Flesh	American	horror	Bill Condon	Coleman Tarrant, the father of New Orleans schoolteacher Annie Tarrant, is murdered while investigating the deaths of three men in a manner similar to the Candyman legend. One year later — and three years after the Candyman murders in Chicago — Professor Philip Purcell writes a book about the latter case. Candyman kills Purcell in a public bathroom following a book signing. Annie's brother, Ethan, is accused of Purcell's murder because of previous confrontations between the two over the subject. After one of Annie's students claims to have seen the Candyman, she tries to discredit the legend by invoking his name. Annie summons Candyman to New Orleans on the eve of Mardi Gras, where the killings begin in earnest. Her husband, Paul Mckeever, becomes one of Candyman's victims, while one of her students, Matthew, disappears. The Candyman is revealed to be Daniel Robitaille, son of a slave on a plantation in New Orleans. Daniel was chosen by a wealthy landowner to paint a portrait of his daughter Caroline, resulting in an affair between the two. After Caroline became pregnant, Caroline's father organized a lynch mob to hunt down Daniel, cut off his right hand, and coat him in honey from a nearby beehive. A small boy tasted the honey and proclaimed Candy Man!; the crowd chanted the name as Daniel was stung to death. Caroline's father taunted the disfigured Daniel with Caroline's mirror, leading to the mirror containing Candyman's soul. Caroline hid the mirror in Daniel's birthplace before giving birth to his daughter, Isabel, a Creole who is raised by her mother as white. The mirror grants Candyman his ability to kill when called upon. Annie is revealed to be the descendant of Daniel and Caroline. Candyman stalks Annie so he may kill her and himself at midnight on Ash Wednesday. After talking with Ethan, Annie visits Honore Thibideaux, who tells her Caroline moved to New Orleans after Daniel's death. Candyman appears and kills him with bees while Annie escapes. At the police station, Candyman slays a detective interrogating Ethan, who is shot dead when he tries to escape. Octavia, Annie's guilt-ridden mother, admits Coleman tried to link their family to Candyman but denies he exists. Incensed by her disbelief of him, the Candyman introduces himself before killing her; Annie flees. It is revealed that Coleman, driven to madness at his search for the mirror, eventually gave in and summoned Candyman to justify his search at the expense of his life. Annie flees to Daniel's birthplace, where she finds Matthew. She falls through the stairs into the flooded basement, where she finds the mirror and Candyman. He reveals that the mirror is the source of his resurrection and tries to sacrifice her. Annie destroys the mirror, destroying Candyman in the process. The slave quarters crash into the river, but Matthew saves Annie by pulling her out. Several years later, Annie has Paul's daughter, who she has named Caroline. After Annie kisses Caroline goodnight and leaves the room, Caroline starts to chant Candyman's name. Annie stops her and tells her to go to bed.
Gandu (film)	Bengali	drama	Q.	The movie is set on the life of an unnamed protagonist Saneesh (Anubrata Basu) who is called Gandu by most who address him in the movie (an Indian slang/swear word that would literally translate to 'of the ass', the English translation running in the subtitle translates it to the English 'Asshole'). Gandu is portrayed as a frustrated teenager whose state of mind is shown by intercuts of him rapping in Bengali (it is later revealed in the movie that the protagonist is a member of a rap band). Gandu's mother (Kamalika Banerjee) seemingly supports the family through the magnanimity of her 'lover' Dasbabu (an unvoiced character who appears frequently) Gandu's mother and Dasbabu (Silajit Majumder) are shown having graphic sex a number of times. Gandu himself is shown repeatedly sneaking into the room of the copulating couple to steal money from Dasbabu's wallet. Gandu seemingly has complex emotions regarding this stealing and takes care to hide from his mother . Gandu is also apparently quite lonely. His choice of hairstyle (shaved nearly bald) and general proclivity to drugs and rap makes him an object of ridicule in front of most of his peers, who mock him as 'an Egglike Gandu'. His loneliness is dispelled when he literally bumps into Ricksha (Joyraj Bhattacharjee), a cycle rickshaw driver, who slaps Gandu and then scares him off by a bizarre show of Kung Fu (it is later revealed that Ricksha literally worships Bruce Lee and models himself on his idol) That night Gandu has a dream of himself and Ricksha in a near naked embrace (this has led to the common perception that Gandu and Ricksha share a homosexual relationship but the movie itself never shows this explicitly and it maybe a more symbolic element) On one of his stealing missions, Gandu's mother sees him and hides him from Dasbabu and seemingly laughs in complicity. This causes Gandu great anguish and he curses in frustration. His mother comes naked and then knocks on his door. He is late in responding and she slaps him angrily and walks away. Gandu urges Rickshaw to 'take him away' Ricksha and Gandu then go off to consume Dhatura seeds which causes them both to go on a strange and extremely intense trip. When they come to their senses they find they have no money. In a meta narrativistic scene the director Q himself drives into the scene and Gandu is told by Ricksha how Gandu is a character in a movie being shot by Q. Gandu cannot quite comprehend this. Gandu comes back to Kolkata to find that he has won the Bhutan State lottery of fifty thousand rupees; then he gives his mother some of the money and goes on a crack binge with Ricksha. Ricksha then admonishes him for never having actually sleeping with a woman despite incessantly rapping about vagina and sex. Gandu then has a surrealistic and very explicit sex scene (the only colour part in the movie and the reason being this is the only colorful/worthwhile moment in his life) with an unnamed hooker (Rii Sen), who constantly meows (symbolizing a 'pussy' i.e. female's genital in slang term) and at the end of coitus she whispers 'demo' to him. Gandu and the hooker have very erotic sex, which has been very boldly shown. Gandu goes back to Ricksha telling him how he will now record a demo of his rap and show it to ADF (Asian Dub Foundation) The movie closes with Gandu finally becoming successful. The film is shot mostly in black and white stressing on the bleak existence of the protagonist. At the end of the movie, the film shifts to the color mode (the reason being his life shifts from the dull black and white phase to an adventurous colorful happy life). Gandu also ponders on the meaning of life and what we must do with it.
New Morals for Old	American	romance	Charles Brabin	Mr. and Mrs. Thomas are affluent New Yorkers who are unhappy that their adult children, Ralph Thomas (Robert Young) and Phyl Thomas (Margaret Perry), spend so many evenings at parties instead of spending time with family. Their disapproval deepens when they discover both children want to move out to pursue lifestyles that the parents deem unacceptable: Phyl moves into her own apartment so that she can conduct an affair with a married man, Duff Wilson (David Newell). Her brother, Ralph, goes to Paris to pursue his dream of being a painter, thus disappointing his father who expected him to remain in the family wallpaper business. Mrs. Thomas repeatedly tries to invoke guilt in both children for not being with her, especially after Mr. Thomas dies of a stroke. Eventually, Phyl marries her paramour and Ralph returns to New York, having failed as an artist. Mrs. Thomas dies shortly after Ralph’s return. At the end of the film, Phyl, her twin infants, her husband Duff, and her brother Ralph are all living in the family home, with a newfound appreciation for the benefits of family life. In the film’s last scene, Ralph and Duff are laughing together about how Phyl has evolved into a protective maternal figure, much like her own mother.
Bad Moon	American	horror	Eric Red	While making love in their tent during a work expedition in Nepal, photo-journalists Ted Harrison (Michael Paré) and his girlfriend Marjorie are attacked by a werewolf. The werewolf snatches Marjorie and Ted attempts to rescue her but gets bitten in his shoulder and thrown to the ground. Hurt but determined he crawls to his shotgun and manages to shoot the werewolf's head off but not before the beast kills Marjorie. With the intent of living in isolation Ted moves back home into a trailer in the woods hours away from his lawyer sister Janet Harrison (Mariel Hemingway). One day in an effort to reach out to her and his young nephew Brett (Mason Gamble), Ted calls them up and invites them for a meal at his home by the lake. Upon seeing him again the family dog, Thor, begins to sense something wrong with Uncle Ted and goes into the woods tracking a smell, which leads him to human remains hanging on a tree branch. Meanwhile, Ted tells Janet that his girlfriend Marjorie broke up with him and returned to her home in Seattle, hiding the truth from her, and in an attempt at comforting her brother, Janet invites him to stay with them. Shaken and fearful of hurting them, Ted declines and Janet, Brett and Thor leave before the sun starts to set, at Ted's insistence. The next day, there is an investigation going on in the woods near Ted's trailer where the mangled bodies of several missing hikers and a Forest Ranger were found. Under fear of being found guilty, Ted calls Janet and tells her he's changed his mind. He parks his trailer in her yard in the hopes that in being near his family, he'll be able to control himself. However, Thor is aware of Ted's nature and becomes suspicious and eventually hostile towards him. Noticing that he goes out to jog at night with handcuffs, Thor becomes frenzied until Janet lets him out of the house. Tracking his scent, Thor follows Ted into the woods and finds him turned into a werewolf and tied to a tree while growling, clawing and trying to escape. Meanwhile, Janet starts looking for Thor and goes into the woods. Aware of her danger, Thor manages to find and distract her back to the house before she finds Ted. The next day while making breakfast, Janet sees on TV the news coverage on the killings and confronts her brother about not telling her his true reasons for visiting her and invites him to stay permanently. While Brett is watching Werewolf of London (mistakenly confused for The Wolf Man), he and Ted discuss werewolves and their existence, with Ted stating that it doesn't take a full moon to start the transformation and that he has been acquainted with a few in his time and Brett states that werewolves don't exist. While Brett throws out the trash, Ted tries to warn his sister and advises her to start listening to Thor and his sudden change in behavior and drops hints that the murders had been done by a wolf. She ignores his pleas and he retreats into his trailer where Thor follows him, waiting for him until the sun starts to set. Ted encounters a suspicious Thor but eventually leaves the trailer with the hopes of chaining himself again. With the sun setting Ted screams for Janet to take Thor away and when she does he rushes into the woods. Thor is afraid of Ted hurting his family and begins to bark until Brett lets him out of the house. He makes his way to the woods to find that Ted was too late and wasn't able to handcuff himself and has made his way into the backyard. Werewolf Ted attacks Thor but the dog fights back which wakes up Janet. Werewolf Ted is scared away when she turns on the bright deck lights. Janet sees Thor's injuries and, fearful of Ted's advice, calls the Sheriff and goes into Ted's trailer to notify him. She does not find Ted but instead finds his werewolf book, gruesome pictures of Marjorie's body and some of Ted's victims. She also finds a journal in which Ted details his pain and his turmoil with not finding a cure for his disease and his hopes of finding peace by his family's side. Werewolf Ted seems to lurk outside the trailer but Janet leaves safely, shaken but adamant about straightening things out with her brother. Later that night, a flopsy who had previously tried to frame Thor for a false bite goes into Janet and Brett's yard with the intent of killing Thor but is instead attacked and killed by Werewolf Ted. The next day, the sheriff shows up and questions Janet about Thor and informs her of the flopsy's attack by a wild animal; his mutilated body's been found 100 yards away from her property. Remembering Thor's injuries Janet asks if the culprit could have been a wolf but the sheriff says no and advises her to give up Thor to the dog pound. Not believing Thor could be the killer, she confronts Ted, who provokes Thor to attack him. As a result, Thor is taken to the dog pound. Seemingly more confident and accepting of his bloodlust, Ted marks his territory by urinating in Thor's doghouse (as Thor had done to his trailer earlier) and shows hostility towards Brett, who feels Ted is the reason Thor was turned in. Brett pretends to go to sleep but packs his backpack and sneaks out of the house to free Thor while Janet confronts Ted in the woods with a hand gun and 8 rounds. In the woods, Ted accuses his sister of not listening to his warnings and knowing the truth all along. As he begins to transform, Janet flees in panic back to the house with Werewolf Ted on her trail. Meanwhile, Brett reaches the dog pound on his bicycle, breaks in and frees Thor, who takes off running and gets to the house just as Werewolf Ted is about to attack Janet. A vicious fight ensues between them with Thor savagely biting and injuring Werewolf Ted several times and Werewolf Ted throwing Thor across the room and seemingly killing him. Brett, having followed Thor and worried about his mom, goes into his room and is strangled and held up by his throat by Werewolf Ted. Seeing an opportunity, Janet unloads all eight rounds into Ted, who releases Brett and spins from the shots. Hurt but still alive, he growls at the now defenseless Janet. However, Thor gets up, gets between them and throws himself on Werewolf Ted, knocking them both out the window and into the yard. Werewolf Ted is severely injured but gets up and retreats into the woods. Though Thor is injured as well, he follows Werewolf Ted and tracks him down until sunrise, where a now human Ted emerges from behind a tree bruised, beaten and bloody. Standing his ground and ready to attack, Thor whimpers in reluctance, but Ted tells him to do it and with no more hesitation Thor lunges at him and finishes him off. Some time later, Janet's house is being repaired and she and Brett are seen petting Thor, who is bandaged and recovering from the fight. Janet apologizes for blaming him and putting him in the dog pound. Suddenly, Thor (as a werewolf) savagely growls at her. Janet wakes up alarmed and quickly realizes it was just a nightmare as she, Brett and Thor are fine and at peace.
Bloodbath at the House of Death	British	horror	Ray Cameron	The film opens in 1975 at a place called Headstone Manor, which is being used as a businessman's weekend retreat and girls' summer camp. A few minutes into the film, a group of satanic monks enter the house and kill 18 of its occupants. In 1983, Doctor Lucas Mandeville (Kenny Everett) and Doctor Barbara Coyle (Pamela Stephenson) are sent to investigate radioactive readings in the area that have been traced to Headstone Manor, now known by locals as the House of Death. Along with several other scientists, Mandeville and Coyle set up their equipment in the house, while the Sinister Man (Vincent Price), a 700-year-old Satanic priest, prepares a rite in the nearby woods to purge the house of its unwanted guests. During this time, Mandeville reveals that he was once a successful German surgeon named Ludwig Manheim, who was reduced to smart-arse paranormal research crap after a humiliation in the past. Coyle also encounters a poltergeist, and the two engage in sexual intercourse. Several satanic clones of Mandeville, Coyle and the other scientists enter house, and begin killing off the originals and taking their place. When Coyle is about to be killed, she is rescued by the poltergeist and saved. The satanic monks then take off in a spaceship, revealing that these monks are aliens using the house for their activities on Earth. The film ends with the spaceship soaring into the skies, with an E.T. voice groaning: Oh, shit! Not again!.
Portrait of a Hitman	American	crime	Allan A. Buckhantz	A professional hitman who doubles as a painter is hired to kill a brain surgeon. But it turns out that not only are he and the surgeon are old friends, but they are both in love with the same woman.
Cattle Empire	American	western	Charles Marquis Warren	John Cord (Joel McCrea) a brave cowboy/ex-con hits the dusty trail as the leader of a major cattle drive. He is offered the job by the very townspeople his gang terrorized a few years before. They are also the same people who put him in the slammer, and even though he accepts the task, he secretly plots his revenge. He gets it by proving himself courageous and honest.[1]
China Town	Malayalam	comedy	Rafi Mecartin	Four friends bought a casino and were celebrating the profit with their family when an underworld don, Gowda (Pradeep Rawat), who used to have a monopoly on the casinos in Goa, intrudes. Xavier (Mohanlal), one of the friends, held out against the don. Although he was killed, he managed to hold off the gang long enough for all of their wives to escape with the children. Wilson Gomus (Captain Raju) is the only of the friends to survive and he settled in Goa with his daughter, Emily. Xavier's son, Mathukutty (Mohanlal) became a local goon. His brother had eloped with a girl from the medical college and he lives with Rosamma (Kavya Madhavan). He was attending a retreat to get rid of his thuggish ways. Another son of one of the friends was Zachariah (Jayaram), a man thirsty for money. Another was Binoy (Dileep) a lovesick youth who was the victim of six failed loves. Gomus sends each of them a letter stating that he had bought a Casino and wanted to share the profit between the sons of his friends. The three meet Gowda, who places them in prison under a false case. They get out by selling their casino. They meet again on several occasions and finally Gowda is arrested.The film has a good ending.
Hayate the Combat Butler! Heaven Is a Place on Earth	Japanese	animation	Hideto Komori	Hayate, Nagi, and the gang spend the last days of summer break at Nishizawa's countryside vacation home. But a mysterious spirit (Suzune Ayasaki—Hayate’s grandmother) has concocted a scheme to separate the butler from his young mistress in a closed-space amusement park that Hayate used to visit when he was young.
Corruption	British	horror	Robert Hartford-Davis	Sir John Rowan (Peter Cushing) is a prominent plastic surgeon with a beautiful and youthful fiancée named Lynn (Sue Lloyd), who works as a fashion model. At a raucous party, Rowan—much older than any of the other attendees, and clearly uncomfortable around the countercultural excess of the late 1960s—gets into a physical altercation with a sleazy photographer, and during the scuffle a hot lamp falls on Lynn, severely scarring her face. Rowan pledges to reverse Lynn's disfigurement, experimenting with laser technology to revive her skin and eventually coming up with a cure-all, a Frankensteinian transplantation of glands. Driven by a combination of guilt and love, Rowan goes on a murder spree, killing young women in order to use their glands to restore his fiancée’s beauty. The procedure is successful, and the couple goes off on holiday to a seaside cottage, where all is fine until her face starts to show signs of deterioration. In need of more surgery and a new donor the couple tries to entice a young girl (Wendy Varnals) who they meet at the beach and take back to their cottage. Complications ensue, first because Rowan doesn't want to commit another murder, and then because this girl isn't what she seems to be. In fact, she is part of a gang of robbers who break into the house and hold Rowan and Lynn hostage. Soon they discover evidence of the murders, and begin to menace the couple. After a short confrontation, everyone is killed when Rowan's surgical laser goes out of control. The films ends with the revelation that everything from the disfigurement onward seems to have been a dream experienced by Rowan at the party.
Mabel's Married Life	American	comedy	Charlie Chaplin	Chaplin, in tramp attire, sits in the park with his wife, Mabel. While he is gone to a bar, a large man holding a tennis racquet moves in on his wife. Chaplin returns to find them laughing together. But despite kicking him and hitting him with his cane the man is undeterred in his wooing of his wife. The man drags Mabel down to the edge of the lake in the park. Meanwhile, Charlie finds the man's wife and they return together, where the wife first confronts her husband, but then ends up confronting Mabel. She goes to strike her but hits Charlie instead. The couple then leave. Mabel heads home but stops at a sporting goods store where she orders a man-shaped punch-bag. It is delivered whilst she is in her pyjamas. She wraps herself in a leopard-skin rug to answer the door. She starts practicing boxing moves on the dummy/punchbag. It is weighted so it swings back and knocks her over. Meanwhile, Charlie returns to the bar. A man there ridicules Charlie's clothes, particularly his baggy trousers. Then the first man reappears further ridiculing Charlie who is by now drunk. Charlie returns home, inexplicably holding a bunch of fresh onions, and trying to work out what the smell is. He throws them away. They fly through an open door and onto Mabel who is in bed. Charlie in his drunken state sees the dummy as the rival and prepares to fight. Mabel watches from the bedroom, frustrated by his actions. Charlie demands the dummy leaves. He pushes it. It swings back then rolls forward again striking Charlie. Charlie tries to placate it but ends up striking it again. Each time he hits it, it hits him back harder. Mabel joins in the fight then reveals to Charlie that it is just a dummy. Meanwhile, neighbour get concerned at the noise.
The Rare Breed	American	western	Andrew V. McLaglen	English women Martha Price (Maureen O'Hara) and her daughter Hilary (Juliet Mills) come to the US via boat with Hereford stock pursuing the dream of Martha's husband, who accidentally died on board, to bring Hereford to the West. They're now left with Hilary's bull, a result of years of European breeding, named Vindicator. Vindicator exhibits all the gentility of breeding, including an odd willingness to follow Hilary merely at the whistle of God Save the Queen. At auction, he results in a bidding war and is ultimately won by Charles Ellsworth (David Brian), who has come to purchase stock for the wealthy Texas rancher Alexander Bowen (Brian Keith). Sam Burnett (James Stewart), a local wrangler known for being able to take down bulls just by looking at them, is hired to transport the bull to Bowen's ranch. Ellsworth has bought the bull primarily to woo Martha, and when she is confronted by him when trying to claim her payment for the bull she decides to ensure Vindicator's delivery by accompanying him en route. Martha Price is told by daughter Hilary about a conversation she overheard between Burnett and two men working for competing rancher John Taylor (Alan Caillou). Burnett has made a deal with Taylor to steal the bull. Hilary doesn't yet know that Burnett has made the deal mostly to ensure another wrangler doublecrossed by Taylor would receive some money to take care of himself after an injury. One of Taylor's men, Deke Simons (Jack Elam), gets into a fight with Burnett in the saloon over terms. Price, witnessing the brawl, comes to trust Burnett. Despite Burnett's objections, he accepts responsibility for the Price women through the train ride to the west and the following wagon trail. One night while Price and Burnett have finished brewing coffee over the campfire, a shot knocks the coffee pot of Burnett's hand. Burnett knows this is a signal from Taylor's men. Just before dawn, Hilary catches Burnett as he is about to hand over the bull. He denies her accusations, waking her mother to prove he was innocent. Once again, Price gives Burnett the benefit of the doubt. Taylor's men find a fence which has been hacked through to make way for Price's wagon. They conclude that Burnett must have double-crossed them. Simons, determined to catch up with Burnett, shoots a companion and rides on after the wagon. In a canyon, Burnett runs into Jamie Bowen (Don Galloway), Alexander's son, who has stolen a herd of his father's longhorn cattle and is running away to start his own ranch. Simons catches up and shoots a cowhand, setting off a stampede. Jamie tries to escape but falls in the path of the charging cattle. Battered and unconscious, Jamie is carried by Burnett back to the wagon. Simons is there holding Price and her daughter hostage. Simons demands the money that Burnett was paid by Taylor for the bull. Simons also demands Price's money, but while distracted, Burnett is able to take his rifle. Simons mounts and gallops away. Burnett follows. As horses collide, Simons falls onto a sharp rock and is killed instantly. Burnett returns with the money, but Price berates him for his dishonesty and the trouble he has caused. After a few days of travelling with Bowen's son in tow, they reach their destination, his father's ranch. At the ranch they're introduced to Jamie's father, Bowen, a Scottish soldier turned cattle rancher at a fort also populated by local families of Mexican heritage. While Hilary nurses Jamie back to health, Martha begins teaching the local children in school. Though Bowen and Burnett insist the Price women should leave for the East again before they're snowed in, they refuse until Jamie is well and they've taught the men to properly care for Vindicator. Bowen continues to insist that Hereford cattle can't make it through the tough conditions on the range and thus make them a bad match. Martha and Hilary insist, and slowly, Burnett is coming over to their side. Martha, upon witnessing the wildness of the longhorn cattle, realizes that until Vindicator proves himself, they'll never have the men on their side. Hilary races back to the fort, and releases Vindicator into the wild. With Vindicator now in the wild to fend for himself and Jamie on the mend, the Price women announce it is time for them to go, but Jamie insists he's in love with Hilary, who returns the proclamation and Martha, upon seeing them, realizes she needs to stay as well. This suits both Bowen, who's realized he's in love with Martha, and Burnett, who's known he loved Martha since they met. It is a particularly brutal winter and Burnett insists on finding Vindicator and bringing him back to shelter him all winter. Through repeated outings, he can't find the bull and while he's away, Bowen cleans himself up, begins serving tea and showing Martha his gentlemanly side in an attempt to woo her. Burnett is reported missing and the men finally find him, almost frozen. Bowen insists that he can have any calves that result from Vindicator, but surely the bull is dead. Burnett refuses to give up hope, even though Hilary and Martha have come to accept this as truth. When the spring finally breaks, Burnett begins searching for Vindicator again, hoping for calves and begins building a new kind of farm, where the animals are treated better and Herefords can not only subsist but thrive. He finally discovers Vindicator, long dead under a snowdrift. He still insists that calves may be coming. Martha, out of reluctance for anything else, agrees to marry Bowen, but only after there is no chance of calves from Vindicator. In one of the last scenes, Burnett finally finds a Hereford calf, and brings him back to the fort. Bowen and Burnett fight over Martha, and Burnett declares his love for Martha, and Bowen steps aside. At the end, we're shown an entire field of Herefords, with Martha and Burnett musing that they're glad they kept a few LongHorn, to remember the way it used to be. Hilary and Jamie approach, now married, and Hilary whistles in the hopes that one of the cattle will respond, and claims, sometimes, I see a glimmer of him in one of them.
Dead Silence	American	horror	James Wan	Jamie Ashen and his wife, Lisa, receive an anonymous gift of a ventriloquist doll called Billy. While Lisa is playing with Billy, a figure approaches her, causing her to scream. Jamie finds her dead with her tongue cut out. After Jamie is released from custody by Detective Jim Lipton due to lack of evidence, he spots inside Billy's box a mysterious message about Mary Shaw, a deceased ventriloquist from his hometown, Raven's Fair. At Raven's Fair, Jamie visits his estranged, wealthy and wheelchair-bound father, Edward, and his much-younger wife, Ella, for information regarding Mary Shaw. Dismissing them as superstitions, Jamie arranges for Lisa's funeral with the help of a local mortician, Henry Walker. Jamie meets Henry's senile wife, Marion, who tells him of the danger of Mary and her puppet, Billy. After burying Billy, Jamie is confronted by Detective Lipton in his motel room, the latter still doubting Jamie, and digs up Billy, after Jamie leaves the cemetery where Mary Shaw and the rest of her dummies are buried. Henry tells Jamie about Shaw. Shaw was a famous ventriloquist who was publicly humiliated when a boy, Michael, rudely claimed that he could see mouth moving. Michael disappeared some weeks later, and his family blamed it on Shaw, and lynched her. Her last wish was to have her body turned into a dummy and buried with her 101 dolls. Henry, then the young son of the local mortician, saw Shaw (after she was turned to a dummy) rise up, but Henry was spared thanks to his having kept his mouth shut. This is because Shaw takes her revenge by killing only those who scream. Jamie finds out that Michael, the first victim, was his great uncle; the Ashen family were the ones who killed Shaw by cutting out her tongue, and she has been seeking revenge against their entire bloodline by killing them the same way. While crawling under the house after discovering Marion with the Billy puppet, Henry is killed by Shaw, who steals his tongue. Detective Lipton discovers that all of Shaw's dolls have been dug up. He informs Jamie, who receives a call from Henry, asking him to go to Shaw's theatre. There, both Jamie and Detective Lipton discover 100 of the dolls lined up with Michael's body, which has been turned into a marionette. Through a clown-doll, Shaw reveals to Jamie that she killed his wife because she was pregnant with his son, thus killing any potential newborn of the Ashen family. Jamie and Lipton burn the theatre and all of Shaw's dolls, though in the process, Shaw successfully makes Detective Lipton scream and kills him. Back at his father's residence, Jamie is confronted by Mary Shaw but he repels her by throwing Billy (the 101st and last of the remaining dummies) into the fireplace. He is horrified to learn that his father had already died a long time ago; the current Edward is the corpse converted into a doll controlled by Ella, who is the perfect doll for Shaw, created just before her death. He screams as Ella, possessed by Mary Shaw, lunges at him. The film ends with Jamie reciting a nursery rhyme about Shaw and a photo album with human puppets is shown: Lisa, Henry, Detective Lipton, Edward, Ella, and Jamie himself.
Shadow People	American	horror	Matthew Arnold	The film begins with a series of videos posted to YouTube, with users of the website relating their experiences with unexplained sightings. Later, radio talk show host Charlie Crowe (Dallas Roberts) becomes convinced that mysterious nocturnal entities known as shadow people are responsible for a spate of deaths in his hometown. He is joined by CDC investigator Sophie Lacombe (Alison Eastwood), who seeks a more rational explanation.
Armed Response	American	action	Fred Olen Ray	One of the men of a dangerous Yakuza boss known as Tanaka has subtracted a statuette that he had planned to use as a peace offering between local Yakuza and the rival Chinese Tong. It seems that two private investigators were hired for the exchange of bailout money to restore the statue, but their business plan to recover the statue gets worse and Clay Roth is killed. This infuriates the Roth brothers and their father, as all three of them happen to be veterans, as they go off to find the person responsible and get their revenge as well.
The Devil's Candy	American	horror	Sean Byrne	Late at night in a countryside house, Raymond Smilie hears a voice. He reacts by playing his red Flying V loudly in front of a crucifix. His mother enters his room and unplugs the guitar. When Ray awkwardly explains he plays to avoid hearing Him, she says he needs to return to the hospital. Ray continues to hear the voice and kills his mother, who falls down the stairs. Shortly after, a man enters the house and sees the dead woman. Some time later, the house is sold to Jesse Hellman, a struggling painter. Jesse, along with his wife Astrid and daughter Zooey, move into the house. Elsewhere, Ray checks into a motel. He listens to tapes preaching about the Devil, and plays his guitar. When a noise complaint brings a police officer to his room, Ray stops playing. After settling in, Jesse starts hearing voices. Inspired, he paints a black and white painting based on an upside down cross motif. Jesse later approaches Belial, an art gallery whose owner Leonard previously turned away his portfolio. At his insistence, the receptionist looks at the scan of the painting and appears pleased. One evening, Ray shows up and has a brief conversation with Zooey, who tells him she would love to have a Flying V. Ray wants to enter the house, but a disturbed Jesse turns him away. The next morning, Zooey and Jesse find Ray's Flying V outside their house, but Jesse refuses to let her keep it. Elsewhere, Ray kidnaps a young boy. He carries the boy to a motel room, cuts up his body and puts it in a suitcase. Ray buries the boy in a hole already filled with several suitcases. Meanwhile, Jesse paints a new painting with distorted faces of children - including the one Ray killed. Immersed in his work, he forgets to pick up Zooey at school, and to appease her, he lets her keep Ray's guitar. Jesse keeps working on the painting, which depicts the children's heads being devoured by a black creature, and adds Zooey being burned alive. He tells a horrified Astrid that the he feels the children inside him screaming to be let out. At night, Ray sneaks into Zooey's bedroom. He covers her mouth and explains that He wants her, but Ray is trying to avoid hurting her. Zooey agrees to stay quiet, but then screams, alerting Astrid and Jesse. Ray flees. The Hellmans go to the police, who begin identifying the man. The next day, Leonard arrives to see Jesse's latest work. Pleased with the painting, Leonard offers him some wine. Despite his initial hesitation as he needs to pick up Zooey at school, Jesse drinks with Leonard. As he rushes to Zooey's school, his car tires blows out and he runs to the school, but Zooey is nowhere to be found. In Ray's motel bathroom, Zooey is tied up with duct tape. Ray tells Zooey that he can no longer resist Him, and that He considers her the sweetest candy. While Ray prepares to kill her, Zooey frees herself and escapes. At the police station, the Hellmans are reunited. The police tells Jesse of Ray's identity and history of mental illness. Ray explained that he served the Devil, and that the murdered children were His candy. The Hellmans are escorted home, and two police officers are stationed outside the house, with the intention of placing them under witness protection the following day. That same night, Ray kills the two police officers and takes a gun from them. He shoots Jesse and Astrid, drags Zooey upstairs into her room, splashes gasoline on the floor, then sets the room on fire. Astrid, still alive, wakes Jesse up and the two leave the house. Jesse climbs through Zooey's bedroom window, fights Ray, and bludgeons him to death with his own guitar. Jesse gets Zooey safely to the ground. He walks to a spot near the house, where he finds the children's bodies that Ray had buried. As the sun rises, Jesse looks to the sky, smiles, and starts to cry.
The Joy Luck Club	American	drama	Wayne Wang	The Joy Luck Club was formed by four women in San Francisco: Lindo Jong (Tsai Chin), Ying-Ying St. Clair (France Nuyen), An-Mei Hsu (Lisa Lu), and Suyuan Woo (Kieu Chinh). The members have mainly played mahjong and told each other's stories over the years. They emigrated from their native country, China, remarried, and gave birth to children in America. Suyuan's daughter June (Ming-Na Wen) replaced her when Suyuan died four months before the time the film is set. The mothers have high hopes for their daughters' success, but the daughters struggle through anxieties, feelings of inadequacy, and failures. Throughout the film, the mothers and daughters bond by learning to understand each other and by overcoming their conflicts.[2] The film begins with June's prologue tale. In the prologue, a woman (presumably Suyuan) bought a swan in China from a market vendor who was selling it as a duck that stretched its neck [to become] a goose. She kept it as her pet and brought it to the United States. When the immigration officials took it away from her, she plucked out only a swan feather instead while she struggled to grab the swan away. For a long time, the woman had kept the feather, planning to someday give the feather to her daughter. Then the film transits to June's farewell surprise party in San Francisco for her upcoming reunion with her long-lost twin sisters in China. Among the guests are members of The Joy Luck Club, their daughters, other relatives, and friends. The following characters below narrate their journeys to the audience while they reflect upon their pasts. In China, four-year-old Lindo (Ying Wu) is arranged, by her mother (Xi Meijuan) and the matchmaker (Hsu Ying Li), to be married to Mrs. Huang's son when she grows up. When Lindo turns fifteen (Irene Ng), her mother sends her to Mrs. Huang, so Lindo marries Huang's son, Tyan Hu (William Gong), a pre-pubescent boy who has no interest in her. During four years of childless and loveless marriage, she is frequently abused by her frustrated mother-in-law, who believes Lindo's childlessness is her own fault. Lindo eavesdrops on the servant girl telling her lover that she is pregnant and he willfully abandons her. Lindo realizes her chance to leave the marriage without dishonoring herself, her family and her in-laws. Later, Lindo purportedly ruins her clothes and then claims that she had a nightmare in which Tyan Hu's ancestors threatened to punish her, Tyan Hu and the matchmaker. Then Lindo claims that the ancestors impregnated the servant girl with Tyan Hu's child and her own marriage to him is considered offensive to them. Mrs. Huang does not believe Lindo until Mrs. Huang quickly discovers the servant's pregnancy through inspection. Finally, Lindo claims that the matchmaker intentionally and wrongly paired Lindo and Tyan Hu for more money. Furious, Mrs. Huang orders the matchmaker out of her family's life, allowing the servant girl to have her marriage. Lindo is able to escape the house and moves to Shanghai. Years later in America, Lindo has a new husband, a son, and a daughter named Waverly (Tamlyn Tomita). Aged between six and nine, Waverly (Mai Vu) has become a chess champion. Annoyed by Lindo using Waverly to show off at the streets, Waverly shouts at her mother and decides to quit chess. When she tries to play it again, Waverly loses one chess round, prompting her to retire from chess. Years later, she has a daughter Shoshana from her Chinese ex-husband and is going to marry a Caucasian fiancé, Rich (Christopher Rich), much to Lindo's chagrin. In order to make Lindo like Rich, Waverly brings him to a family dinner, but he fails to impress them especially by improperly using chopsticks and insulting Lindo's cooking by marinating the dish with a sauce, humiliating Waverly. While driving home, Waverly lets Rich know how humiliated she and her family are with him, prompting him to properly learn the Chinese table manners. A while later, at the hair salon, Lindo retells her moments with her own mother and declares that she likes Rich very much. She then gives marital blessings to Waverly and Rich, prompting her and Waverly to reconcile with each other. At June's farewell party, Rich almost successfully uses a chopstick (but accidentally drops a piece), impressing Lindo by trying to respect the Chinese table manners. In China, Ying-Ying St. Clair was happily married to Lin-Xiao (Russell Wong) with a baby boy in China until Lin-Xiao abuses her and abandons her for an opera singer. Overcome by her depression, Ying-Ying drowns her baby son in the bathtub, which leaves her distraught afterwards because she feels that if she had killed Lin-Xiao earlier, she would not have lost the thing that mattered the most. Years after she immigrated to America, she has suffered from trauma and has been haunted by her past, worrying her new family, including her daughter Lena (Lauren Tom). After Ying-Ying finally resolved her years of trauma, Lena shows Ying-Ying around her new apartment with her husband Harold (Michael Paul Chan), who is also Lena's boss. Ying-Ying learns that Lena is uncomfortable with her financial arrangements with Harold. They split the costs of their life evenly with a list of things that they share, making their home life contentious. Seeing that Lena is unhappy with her marriage, Ying-Ying reasserts herself by knocking over a table in the bedroom and causing the vase to fall from the table and break. Hearing the sudden noise, Lena goes to her mother and admits her unhappiness. Ying-Ying replies that Lena should leave and not come back until Harold gives her what she wants. At June's farewell party, Lena is shown to have a new vibrant fiancé, who has given Lena what she wants and is accepting of Ying-Ying. Nine-year-old An-Mei Hsu (Yi Ding) has been raised with her relatives and grandmother. She is reunited with her long-lost mother (Vivian Wu), who was disowned by her family for her dalliance with a wealthy middle-aged man Wu-Tsing shortly after her husband's death, and who arrives to see her dying mother (Lucille Soong). In order to not lose her again, An-Mei moves out with her mother to Wu-Tsing's house against her relatives' wishes for her to remain with them. They claim that in allowing An-Mei live with her and Wu-Tsing, the mother will ruin her future. She finds that Wu-Tsing has another three wives, making An-Mei's mother the Fourth Wife. Later, she learns that the Second Wife (Elizabeth Sung) tricked An-Mei's mother into being raped and impregnated by Wu-Tsing. When the relatives did not believe An-Mei's mother and kicked her out, she reluctantly became Wu-Tsing's Fourth Wife as she had nowhere else to turn. After An-Mei's mother gave birth to a boy, the Second Wife took him away from her and claimed him as her own. After An-Mei discovers the past, her mother ultimately commits suicide by eating sticky rice balls laced with opium, choosing the day of her death carefully to threaten Wu-Tsing with the vengeance of her angry ghost. Afraid of this curse, Wu-Tsing vows to raise An-Mei and her half-brother with great care and promises to honor their mother as an honorable first wife. When Second Wife tries to pay respects to An-Mei's late mother, An-Mei screams at the Second Wife, destroys the Second Wife's faux pearl necklace (the Second Wife initially tried to win An-Mei over with a similar necklace), and loudly yells out Mama! Years later in America, An-Mei's daughter Rose (Rosalind Chao) has been dating her boyfriend, Ted Jordan (Andrew McCarthy) since college. Ted is initially attracted to Rose's assertive, forthright nature. When he confronts his aristocratic mother (Diane Baker) for insulting Rose due to her race, Rose is impressed and agrees to marry him. Over the course of their marriage, however, Rose and Ted become distant from each other, mainly because Rose, desperate to prove herself to Ted's milieu, becomes submissive and demure at the cost of her own identity and interests. They have a daughter, Jennifer, but this does not resolve their marital problems. To make matters worse, Ted cheats on her with another woman and neither are actually happy in their marriage. A while later, An-Mei comes for a visit and relays the story of her own mother's fate to Rose. She encourages Rose to stand up for herself and Jennifer against Ted, or nothing will change. To avoid the same fate, Rose reclaims her strength and stands up to Ted by telling him to leave the house and not take their daughter away from her. This compels Ted to take her seriously and not continue taking her for granted. At June's farewell party, it is revealed the couple have reconciled. In World War II, when the Japanese invaded China, Suyuan Woo escaped the invasion with her twin baby daughters. When Suyuan became ill during her quest for refuge, her cart breaks down, causing the babies to fall. Near death, Suyuan was unable to carry the babies herself and abandoned them along with all of her other possessions, including a photo of herself. Suyuan survived, but was haunted by guilt in the loss of her daughters and never knew what happened to them. After she remarried in America, Suyuan has high hopes for her new daughter June, but June constantly fails to meet her expectations out of a lack of interest. She performs badly during a piano recital at age nine (Melanie Chang), and when Suyuan pushes her to continue training to be a concert pianist, June refuses, saying that she wishes herself dead like Suyuan's other daughters, an action that offends Suyuan. When June grows into adulthood, at a dinner party a year before Suyuan's passing, Waverly, June's long-time rival whom she is freelancing for, turns down her business ideas, and Suyuan remarks that Waverly and June are not alike, and that style is something one's born with and cannot be taught implying Waverly has style. June feels humiliated, believing her mother had betrayed her for being a failure in her eyes, and Lindo shows sympathy for June. The following day, June berates Suyuan for her remarks and admits she could never live up to her high expectations. June laments that Suyuan has always been disappointed in June because June dropped out of college, is not married, and has an unsuccessful career. However, Suyuan gives her a jade necklace and assures June that she is the one who has the unteachable style and that while Waverly was the best in competitions, June always had the best heart, which made her mother prouder than she would have been otherwise. Last Easter before the farewell party, June received the news from the Club that the long-lost twins were alive. When June could not understand the twins' letter written in Chinese, Lindo purportedly mistranslated the letter to make June believe that the twins knew about Suyuan's death and their long-lost half-sister June. Back to the present, when the farewell party ends, Lindo confesses that she wrote letters to the twins and then signed Suyuan's name. June begs Lindo to tell them the truth, but Lindo tells her that it is too late because the twin sisters are anticipating their mother, Suyuan, still believing that Suyuan is alive. A short while later, June's father (Chao-Li Chi) retells the war story of Suyuan and her long-lost twin daughters. Then he gives her the swan feather, which came from Suyuan's—the woman's—swan as explained earlier in the prologue, saying that the feather looks worthless but has good intentions. When she arrives in China to meet her sisters, June tells them the truth about Suyuan and embraces them. In finally accepting her Chinese heritage, June is able to make peace with her deceased mother.
Premonition	Japanese	horror	Norio, TsurutaTsuruta Norio	High school teacher Hideki Satomi (Hiroshi Mikami), his wife, Ayaka (Noriko Sakai) who works as a psychology teacher, and their five-year-old daughter, Nana (Hana Inoue) are driving home to Tokyo after a vacation. While on a country road, Hideki stops to upload a file on a phonebooth. Inside, he sees a newspaper scrap showing his daughter being involved in a car crash, dated just a minute later at 8:00 PM. As Ayaka steps outside to get Hideki's help on Nana's jammed seatbelt, a truck smashes through their car, killing Nana. A distraught Hideki tries to find the newspaper scrap when the media comes while Ayaka tearfully tries to stop him. Three years later, Ayaka, having divorced Hideki, interviews a psychic, Satoko Mikoshiba (Kazuko Yoshiyuki) to learn more about the Newspaper of Terror. After showing fear and reluctance, Mikoshiba tells Ayaka that a lawyer had once contacted her about the newspaper, but he disappeared soon after. While on home, she receives a mysterious phone call from Mikoshiba and decides to visit her home. Inside, Ayaka finds several journals that archived newspapers that foreshadowed future accidents. She finds Mikoshiba lying dead and surrounded by polaroid photos. Grabbing a photo from Mikoshiba's hand, she quickly calls Hideki about the Newspaper of Terror, but he frantically shuts off as he believes she still thinks he is insane. Meanwhile, Hideki is haunted by premonitions and is restless whenever he sees any newspapers. A student of his, Sayuri Wakakubo (Maki Horikita) who talks about something that could not be prevented, catches his attention. One night, Hideki sees a newspaper foreshadowing Wakakubo's death. He rushes to Wakakubo's home, but is too late to stop her being stabbed to death by a lunatic. Meeting Ayaka, Hideki tells her about his student's death as well as his premonitions; they agree to team up to solve the case. The two visit the house of Rei Kigata, a man who is reported having researched about the Newspaper of Terror. His house is deserted and covered with dirt. Finding a set of video tapes, they watch the first video dated 13 years ago in 1992, in which Kigata (Kei Yamamoto) explains that after receiving premonitions, he worked to prevent it, which, while saving people, caused his hand to mysteriously darken as a side effect. The 32nd video shows him covered in ashes and waving at the camera. Hideki and Ayaka eventually find what is left of his remains: a lump of ashes with a vague shape of a human body. Hideki is uncertain whether he should let people die or save them at the cost of his life like Kigata had, though Ayaka begs him not to. The two reaffirm their relationship and make love. The next day, Ayaka goes work by train when her car breaks down, unknowingly leaving her phone inside. In Ayaka's apartment, Hideki sees a newspaper showing a train accident with more than 100 casualties, including Ayaka. He quickly follows Ayaka and manages to save her, but is unable to save everyone else, including Ayaka's friend, Misato (Mayumi Ono). Ayaka notices that Hideki's hand darkens as a side effect. Planning to move together with Ayaka, Hideki packs his belongings, but is confronted by visions of the victims of the accidents, including Misato, Wakakubo, Kigata, and Mikoshiba. He even flashbacks to when he confronted a depressed Ayaka after Nana's death as well as the car accident itself. Knowing that he cannot save both his wife and daughter as long as he is alive, Hideki flashes to the car accident and chooses to remain at his car which explodes shortly after he saved both Ayaka and Nana. A distraught Ayaka screams, while Nana sees the Newspaper of Terror dropping on her, revealing Hideki as the casualty of the car accident.
Solo for Sparrow	British	crime	Gordon Flemyng	Inspector Sparrow (Glyn Houston) is a provincial detective who sets up his own private-eye firm when Scotland Yard meddles with his business. When crooks accidentally kill a shop cashier while stealing the keys to the jewellery shop where she works, Sparrow goes to work. He successfully tracks down the criminals and turns them over to Scotland Yard.
Pillow of Death	American	horror	Wallace Fox	Attorney Wayne Fletcher (Chaney, Jr.) intends to divorce his wife and marry his secretary (Joyce), who comes from a wealthy family. When the wife is found suffocated to death, he naturally becomes the suspect. As others are killed in the same manner and a phony medium (Bromberg) also claims Fletcher is guilty, Fletcher begins to imagine his dead wife is communicating with him, making it even more difficult for him to prove his innocence.
Manmadhudu	Telugu	romance	K. Vijaya Bhaskar	Abhiram (Nagarjuna Akkineni) 24 is a manager in an ad agency, owned by his paternal uncle Prasad (Tanikella Bharani)42. He despises women and expresses his hatred every minute of every day. But his office is populated by women as it is an ad agency and he has to live with it. Prasad appoints Harika (Sonali Bendre) 21 as the new assistant manager and Abhiram hates to have another female employee in his office. He never leaves an opportunity to belittle her and gradually Harika gets fed up and goes to Chairman Prasad to submit her resignation. Prasad asks her to think about it twice and tells her about Abhiram's past and why he deeply hates women. Abhi lost his parents when he was too young and his grandfather (M. Balaiah) brings him up. He was the only heir to their family business and enjoys life in his own way. He meets and falls in love with Maheswari (Anshu)21, who is the niece of an employee (Chandra Mohan) 51 in Abhi's grandfather's company. Alarmed that he will just play with her and leave her, Maheshwari's uncle takes her away to his hometown and arranges her engagement with another man. Abhi goes there and tries to bring Maheswari with him assuring her uncle that he is going to marry her. But on the way to his grandfather's home, they meet with a serious accident. When Abhi returns to his consciousness, his grandfather tells him that Maheswari married another person and shows him the invitation card. Abhi feels cheated and starts to hate all the women and thinks that they all are superficial and treacherous. After listening to this, Harika feels sympathy towards Abhi's pain and his child like mind. She decides to stay with the company and Prasad promotes her as manager and demotes Abhi as assistant manager for some time. Though infuriated, Abhi has no choice but stay and goes with her to Paris on a business trip. There they become close and Harika helps him with his phobia of water. Abhi starts to fall for Harika but is disappointed and distances himself from her when she reveals that she is engaged to be married. After they come back to India, Abhi behaves in a childish manner to get over his disappointment. Harika reciprocates his feelings but is confused about getting married as Abhi won't express his feelings. Meanwhile, Abhi's aunt (Sudha) reveals that Maheswari actually died in the accident they were in and they hid that information fearing that Abhi might not come out of the shock of that news. Abhi realizes it was foolish of him to hate women but is too shocked to express his feelings to Harika. At last Harika dares and tells him that this marriage was her parents choice not hers, indirectly indicating that she was ready to come to him if he asks. Prasad comes to know that Abhi and Harika have feelings for each other and encourages Abhi to go and get her. Finally he asks her to marry him and she breaks her previous engagement and marries him.
Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid	American	western	George Roy Hill	In late 1890s Wyoming, Butch Cassidy is the affable, clever, talkative leader of the outlaw Hole in the Wall Gang. His closest companion is the laconic dead-shot Sundance Kid. The two return to their hideout at Hole-in-the-Wall (Wyoming) to discover that the rest of the gang, irked at Butch's long absences, have selected Harvey Logan as their new leader. Harvey challenges Butch to a knife fight over the gang's leadership. Butch defeats him using trickery, but embraces Harvey's idea to rob the Union Pacific Overland Flyer train on both its eastward and westward runs, agreeing that the second robbery would be unexpected and likely reap even more money than the first. The first robbery goes well. To celebrate, Butch and Sundance visit a favorite brothel in a nearby town and watch, amused, as the town sheriff unsuccessfully attempts to organize a posse to track down the gang. They then visit Sundance's lover, schoolteacher Etta Place. On the second train robbery, Butch uses too much dynamite to blow open the safe, blowing up the baggage car. As the gang scrambles to gather up the money, a second train arrives carrying a six-man team of lawmen pursuing Butch and Sundance, who unsuccessfully try to hide out in the brothel and to seek amnesty from the friendly Sheriff Bledsoe by enlisting in the army. As the posse remains in pursuit, despite all attempts to elude them, Butch and Sundance determine that the group includes renowned Indian tracker Lord Baltimore and relentless lawman Joe Lefors, recognizable by his white skimmer. Butch and Sundance finally elude their pursuers by jumping from a cliff into a river far below. They learn from Etta that the posse has been paid by Union Pacific head E. H. Harriman to remain on their trail until Butch and Sundance are both killed. Butch convinces Sundance and Etta that the three should escape to Bolivia, which Butch envisions as a robber's paradise. On their arrival there, Sundance is dismayed by the living conditions and regards the country with contempt, but Butch remains optimistic. They discover that they know too little Spanish to pull off a bank robbery, so Etta attempts to teach them the language. With her as an accomplice, they become successful bank robbers known as Los Bandidos Yanquis. However, their confidence drops when they see a man wearing a white hat (the signature of determined lawman Lefors) and fear that Harriman's posse is still after them. Butch suggests going straight, and he and Sundance land their first honest job as payroll guards for a mining company. However, they are ambushed by local bandits on their first run and their boss, Percy Garris, is killed. Butch and Sundance ambush and kill the bandits, the first time Butch has ever shot someone. Etta recommends farming or ranching as other lines of work, but they conclude the straight life isn't for them. Sensing they will be killed if they return to robbery, Etta decides to go back to the United States. Butch and Sundance steal a payroll and the mules carrying it, and arrive in a small town. A boy recognizes the mules' brand and alerts the local police, leading to a gunfight with the outlaws. They take cover in a building but are both seriously wounded, after Butch makes a futile attempt to run to the mules in order to bring more ammunition, while Sundance provides cover fire. As dozens of Bolivian soldiers surround the area, Butch suggests the duo's next destination should be Australia. The film ends with a freeze frame shot on the pair charging out of the building, guns blazing, before the Bolivian forces open fire.
Did You Hear About the Morgans?	American	comedy	Marc Lawrence	A successful Manhattan couple, lawyer Paul Michael Morgan (Hugh Grant) and estate agent Meryl Judith Morgan (Sarah Jessica Parker), are separated due to Paul's infidelity. After dinner one night, Meryl and Paul witness the murder of one of Meryl's real estate clients. As a result, they become targets of contract killer Vincent (Michael Kelly) and must enter the Witness Protection Program. Paul and Meryl are relocated to the small town of Ray, Wyoming and placed temporarily under the protection of husband and wife/sheriff and deputy, Clay and Emma Wheeler (Sam Elliott and Mary Steenburgen). For their own safety, they are permitted no outside contact via telephone or e-mail. They have trouble adjusting to small-town life, but after a perilous encounter with a bear and awkward attempts at shooting rifles, chopping wood, and horseback riding, they eventually adjust and begin assisting the local citizens professionally. Meanwhile, neither of their assistants back in New York City know their whereabouts. Vincent plants a bug at Meryl's office and in her assistant Jackie's purse, hoping to gain information, which is eventually successful. Jackie attempts to call Meryl but Paul's assistant Adam stops her by kissing her, which she responds to by tasering him. Paul and Meryl go on a date in town and begin to reconcile, but then Paul is heartbroken when he learns that Meryl had a one-night stand with one of their acquaintances during their separation. The next day, with Vincent in town unbeknownst to them, the Morgans anticipate leaving Ray for a permanent hiding place. The Wheelers invite them to a rodeo, but the Morgans are at loggerheads, so they decline. Leaving the Morgans without any form of security, the Wheelers leave for the rodeo. Vincent tries to attack the house but is accosted by a bear, which gives the Morgans time to escape. They flee on horseback to the rodeo to seek help. Vincent follows them to the rodeo, they spot him and hide in a bull suit. However, they end up in the ring with a bull, which then charges them, injuring Meryl. Meryl, unable to walk, stays hidden from Vincent while Paul impulsively confronts him with a canister of bear repellent spray. Paul accidentally sprays himself in the face, alerting Vincent who then holds Paul at gun-point. The Morgans are rescued by the Wheelers and their new friends from the town. Six months later, Jackie and Adam are in a committed relationship while Paul and Meryl have repaired their marriage. They have an adopted baby girl from China, named Rae in honor of the Wyoming town, and Meryl is pregnant with their biological child living happily together in New York City.
Now or Never	American	comedy	Fred C. Newmeyer, Hal Roach	A young woman, who is employed as a nanny to a lonesome child named Dolly, is preparing to take a vacation which will include a long-awaited reunion with her childhood sweetheart. Her employers are a busy couple who have no time for their small daughter, so the nanny decides—without seeking their permission—to take Dolly with her on her vacation. Meanwhile, the young man she is to meet with races through the countryside by automobile on his way to his appointment. He crashes into a barn, loses his money to a tramp, and must complete his journey riding as a stowaway on the undercarriage of a train. After the couple meet, they and the child board a train. The woman has tickets for herself and Dolly, but the man has no ticket and no money. The young woman discovers to her horror that her young charge's father is on the train. She does not want him to see her with Dolly, so she leaves the little girl with the young man and joins her employer in a separate coach. The young man is not an experienced babysitter, and caring for the child poses many challenges for him, especially as he must also evade the conductor. The story ends happily: not only does Dolly's father approve of the young woman taking the little girl with her on her vacation, the young woman also discovers that her sweetheart is the man her employer was traveling to meet, as he has recently hired him for an important position.
Help	Bollywood	horror	Rajeev Virani	A woman, Susan Alves, is in a mental asylum on the island of Mauritius in 1990. She frantically scribbles demonic images on her cell walls. Her husband, Joe Alves, comes to visit and they discuss their daughter, Pia. Susan panics and says she can't bear it and commits suicide in front of Joe. In present-day Mumbai, Pia (Mugdha Godse) is now married to horror film director, Vic (Bobby Deol). However, their marriage is strained. When Pia's friend Carol (Sophia Handa) from Mauritius informs the couple that Pia's father, Joe, has suffered a heart attack, they travel to the island and stay at Pia's childhood home, where it's revealed that Pia had a twin named Dia, who she was very close with. That night, Pia has a nightmare of a girl's ghost and inanimate objects in the house are seen moving around. The next morning, Pia has a flashback of Joe carrying a dead Dia out of the pool. She is very disturbed by this memory as she recalls that normally she was with her sister at all times, but the day Dia drowned, she wasn't. During dinner, when Pia goes outside to check on Tracy, the dog, who is barking ferociously at something invisible, she has another encounter with the girl's ghost. Pia discovers she is pregnant. Meanwhile, Joe shares old photos with Vic and points out Dia's favourite doll, which was buried with Dia. Pia tells Vic of her pregnancy; the news mends their relationship and the couple is once again happy. However, unusual events continue occurring in the house. One night, Dia's ghost jumps down on Pia from the ceiling. The next morning, Pia is clearly not herself. When Tracy is found dead, Pia seems completely unfazed, which concerns Carol, as Pia loved the dog. Carol contacts her friend Aditya (Shreyas Talpade), a parapsychologist for help, informing him about the unnatural happenings in the house and Pia's unusual behaviour. Carol has an encounter with the ghost and flees but is hit by a truck and dies. At the funeral, Aditya senses that Pia's life is in danger and tells Vic. After encountering the ghost himself, Vic seeks Aditya for help. He searches the attic and finds the doll that was buried with Dia, a video cassette, Susan's diaries and some extremely morbid paintings by Susan, featuring images of suicide and inner turmoil. Vic visits the mental asylum and the janitor there tells him that Susan wasn't insane but in fact possessed by an evil spirit. Vic and Aditya watch the video cassette, which shows Pia drowning Dia before giving the camera an evil smile. However, they suspect the clip only shows half the truth. After repeated viewings of the video, Aditya realises Susan was already possessed even before Dia's death. He also notices the reflection of a third girl in the mirror: it cannot be Pia, as she is the one videotaping and it is not Dia, who is in front of the camera. It is the spirit, meaning Pia was not the one who killed her, and that through her uncovered doll, Dia was trying to send them a message about her true murderer. Vic discovers Susan was pregnant with a third child and it seems that the women in the family become possessed when pregnant. A possessed Pia kills Joe. It is revealed that Susan was pregnant not with twins but with triplets. Dia and Pia came out fine, but there were major complications with the third child, and Joe had to take the decision to save Susan over the child. After realising it is the triplet's spirit taking revenge against the family, Vic and Aditya try to destroy the spirit. Aditya is killed and but Vic manages to trap the spirit in the other realm. 7 months later, Pia delivers a healthy baby. However, while Pia sleeps, the baby is seen squirming and writhing; its eyes suddenly go blank like the spirit's, implying the spirit is now in the baby.
Hans Christian Andersen's The Little Mermaid	Japanese	animation	Tomoharu Katsumata	The movie opens in live action Denmark. The narrator talks about Hans Christian Andersen and his authorship of the original story. After a brief shot of a live action ocean and the opening title card (with a mermaid song in the background), the scene dissolves to 2D hand-drawn anime. Princess Marina, who lives in the undersea kingdom with her father, grandmother, and five older sisters, is playing with her best friend Fritz, a dolphin. On her way home, the Sea Witch conjures a powerful storm. Marina is scolded by her sisters for being late, reminding her that their grandmother won't give her the pearl hair-pin that signifies adulthood unless she is responsible. Marina and her sisters are then summoned to their father and grandmother and are told to go to bed early because of the storm. The following day, Marina's sisters go to the surface. Marina is curious, but she is forbidden to go because she has not yet come of age. While exploring a ship destroyed by the storm, she discovers a statue of a human boy. Deciding she is ready to see the world above, she and Fritz sneak away to the surface with the help of Fritz's uncle, Duke the whale. There, she sees the handsome young prince from the statue on a ship. Suddenly, another storm arises and throws the prince into the sea. Marina saves him and brings him to shore, leaving him there to be found. A raven-haired young woman arrives and cares for him. Marina and Fritz then return home to the palace. Marina's grandmother tells the king of the rescue and decides that Marina is ready to come of age. The next morning, Marina joins her sisters and receives her pearl hair-pin. Determined to see the prince again, Marina visits the Sea Witch, who actually sent that storm and apparently has some agenda of her own in the context, and obtains a potion which allows her to exchange her tail and her beautiful voice in order to become human. The Sea Witch warns Marina that if the prince marries another, she will die and turn into sea foam the next morning. After a heartfelt goodbye to family and to Fritz, Marina drinks the potion and is transformed. Early the following morning, she is discovered by the prince on the shore. Marina lives with the prince for one month and they become very close. One day, Fritz visits and informs Marina that if she needs him, she can signal him by raising her pearl hair-pin. The prince takes Marina horse-back riding the next morning. While riding, the prince's jealous cat Jemmy pounces on Marina's horse, spooking the horse into throwing Marina off. Marina is surrounded and chased by a pack of wolves. The prince comes to her rescue and kills the wolves, enraging Jemmy who then vows to get rid of Marina. The prince tells her that his parents want him to marry a foreign princess, but he wants to marry the girl who saved his life. Since he cannot find her, he wishes to marry Marina. Jemmy reports the conversation to his parents, and the queen suspects that Marina has bewitched her son. When the ship arrives carrying the princess his parents intend for him, the prince's father orders Marina's arrest for treason. The next morning, the prince meets the foreign princess and recognizes her as the same raven-haired girl who had supposedly saved him. The prince and princess are soon married. Heartbroken, Marina summons Fritz so she can say goodbye. Fritz vows to find a way to save her. Marina's sisters, having given their hair to the Sea Witch, give her a magic knife. Her sisters tell her that if she stabs the prince through the heart, she will turn into a mermaid again. Marina accepts the knife. With dawn only minutes away, Marina sneaks into the prince's room but finds that she cannot bring herself to kill him. Marina kisses him goodbye as he sleeps. As she throws the knife into the sea, the reflection wakes the prince. He rushes onto the deck, calling after her, but she jumps before he can reach her. As he calls her name one last time, he sees that she has left behind her pearl hair-pin and a scale from her tail. As the sun rises, Marina's body slowly turns to foam and ascends into the sky. The prince suddenly realizes that Marina was the girl who had saved his life. He grieves her death as Marina's spirit goes on to Heaven for her self-sacrifice, while Fritz calls out her name.
Toofan	Telugu	action	Apoorva Lakhia	ACP Vijay Khanna (Ram Charan) is a brutally honest police officer who has been transferred yet again by the system for chasing the corrupt underworld goons. He is continuously disturbed by the killing of his parents years back. He keeps remembering a man in a black raincoat on a white horse and with a tattoo on his right arm killing his parents on Vijay's birthday for filing a case. Vijay was brought up by his uncle and was always absent on his birthdays. He is in charge of a case where the district collector has been murdered and burned to death. The key eye witness Mala (Priyanka Chopra) has seen the murder by Teja's (Prakash Raj) Gang and refuses to co-operate. Teja is the head of an oil mafia operation and doesn't want Mala alive. Vijay manages to convince Mala to give a statement which makes her perpetrators come after her. He gives her shelter in his house to protect her and she starts to like him while Vijay does not reciprocate the same. This includes her giving him a potato and egg for lunch at his office and then annoying him by celebrating his birthday. He shouts at her and she begins to cry. Vijay tells her that he did not want to celebrate because his parents were killed on the very day and reveals his past to her. He finally reciprocates her love as he realised that Mala is slowly becoming an important part of his life. He also encounters Sher Khan (Sanjay Dutt/Srihari) who is into buying and selling of illegal cars. Seeing Vijay's honesty and determination, Sher Khan turns over a new leaf and mends his ways to transform into a person who now only goes by the book. He has made Vijay a friend for life and will do anything to help him out. Vijay also encounters Jaydev a.k.a. JD (Atul Kulkarni/Tanikella Bharani), a reporter who had written bad comments about Vijay in the newspaper. Seeing Vijay's honesty and integrity, Jaydev becomes an admirer of Vijay and begins to give him all the information he has regarding the oil mafia. Meanwhile, Kataria (Bikramjeet Kanwarpal) the man who murdered the collector has been caught by Vijay. Kataria is revealed to be Teja's man and he reveals that they steal petrol and oil from container trucks, add kerosene in them and smuggle them around and outside the country. Vijay uses this information and puts Kataria in custody but the next day he is found murdered in custody. In the middle of this, Vijay also finds about a man Prashant Khanna, who was killed years back by Teja. Due to certain incidents which gave Vijay wrong informations about the oil mafia Teja is handling, Vijay is suspended till the investigation is done with. Now Vijay warns Teja that there are no seniors or rules that bind him and now Vijay will finish Teja in his own style. Slowly, Vijay begins to destroy almost all of Teja's oil refineries. But Mala says that all these activities that Vijay is doing can have dangerous consequences. One night, Vijay and Mala go to a restaurant for dinner where Vijay gets attacked by two of Teja's men in the bathroom. Vijay kills both the men and calls Teja and warns him that even if he sends the rest of his 198 men (it was earlier mentioned by Teja that he has 200 workers under him), nothing will happen to Vijay. A few days later, Sher Khan invites Vijay and Mala to a party. Later on, when they are returning home, they are attacked once again by ten of Teja's men. Vijay manages to lock Mala in a small room there and gets badly injured fighting them. He is almost killed but just in time, Sher Khan comes there, handles the rest of the goons and along with Mala, takes Vijay to the hospital. The next day, Teja comes there and criticizes Vijay saying that he is one who can only talk and doesn't have the guts to face Teja. After he leaves, Mala finally tells Vijay to finish Teja once and for all. That night Teja's men along with Bosco (Ankur Bhatia) kill Jaydev and the whole city begins to panic. Meanwhile, two sub inspectors who work under Vijay gives Sher Khan information that the night Kataria was murdered, an inspector, Saalwe had arrested a man for a petty case. But Saalwe did not record the case and so they suspect Saalwe and the man who he arrested had killed Kataria. So, using some of his informers Sher Khan finds Saalwe and Teja's trusted man Bosco (Ankur Bhatia) who was hiding himself and Saalwe in a colony. Then he puts them in front of the commissioner and they agree that they had killed Kataria by breaking his neck and they had done it on Teja's saying as he feared Kataria might leak all the information about his gang. The commissioner realizes Vijay's Innocence and claims Teja a wanted criminal. Out of fear, Teja runs away into an old mine with Mona (Mahie Gill), but Vijay manages to track him down. Teja manages to get Vijay at gun point and pulls his coat's sleeve back. Then Vijay notices a tattoo on Teja's arm and realizes that he is the very one who killed his parents. Then Vijay says that Prashant Khanna who Teja killed years back was Vijay's dad. Teja is shocked and reveals that Prashant had filed a case against him and so Teja had to kill Prashant. In a fit of rage, Vijay begins to beat Teja badly. Vijay then breaks Teja's arm and kicks him into a bundle of petroleum barrels and shoots the barrels, causing Teja to die in the blast. The government announces all the wealth to be given to Mona, who was also said to be in all of Teja's nefarious activities. The film ends with Sher Khan and Mala coming to visit Vijay at the station, Mala finally being able to cook some food for him and Vijay smiling at Sher Khan when he sees a drug mafia case coming on TV.
House of Mortal Sin	British	horror	Pete Walker	Troubled young Jenny (Susan Penhaligon) enters the confessional of her local church, and bares her soul to elderly priest Father Meldrum (Anthony Sharp). Apparently obsessed with her, Meldrum begins to stalk the distressed Jenny and blackmail her with a tape recording of her confession. Seeing himself as the dispenser of divine justice, Meldrum tortures his victims with guilt, murdering those in his way with such diverse means as incense burners and poisoned holy wafers.
Piranha 3-D	American	horror	Alexandre Aja	Fisherman Matt Boyd (Richard Dreyfuss) is fishing in Lake Victoria when a small earthquake hits, splitting the lake floor and causing a whirlpool. Boyd falls in, and is ripped apart by a shoal of piranhas that emerge from the chasm. Jake Forester (Steven R. McQueen) is admiring attractive tourists as spring break begins. He reunites with his old crush Kelly Driscoll (Jessica Szohr) and meets Derrick Jones (Jerry O'Connell), a sleazy pornographer, as well as Danni Arslow (Kelly Brook), one of his actresses. Derrick convinces Jake to show him good spots on the lake for filming a pornographic movie. That night, Jake's mother, Sheriff Julie Forester (Elisabeth Shue), searches for the missing Matt Boyd with Deputy Fallon (Ving Rhames). They find his mutilated body and contemplate closing the lake. However, this decision is made difficult as two-thousand partying college students are on spring break, which is important for bringing revenue to the small town. The next morning, a lone cliff diver is attacked and consumed by the vicious, marauding piranhas. Jake bribes his sister, Laura (Brooklynn Proulx), and brother, Zane (Sage Ryan), to stay home alone so that he can show Derrick around the lake. After Jake leaves, Zane convinces Laura to go fishing on a small sandbar island. They forget to tie the boat down and are stranded in the middle of the lake. Meanwhile, Jake goes to meet with Derrick and runs into Kelly, who accepted Derrick's invitation on board his boat, The Barracuda. Jake meets Crystal Shepard (Riley Steele), another one of Derrick's actresses, and cameraman Andrew Cunningham (Paul Scheer). Julie takes a team of seismologist divers—Novak Radzinsky (Adam Scott), Sam Montez (Ricardo Chavira), and Paula Montellano (Dina Meyer) to the fissure. Novak speculates that the rift leads to a buried prehistoric lake. Paula and Sam scuba dive to the bottom and discover a large cavern filled with large piranha egg stocks. Both are killed by the piranhas before they can alert the others to the discovery. Novak and Julie find Paula's corpse and pull it onto the boat, capturing a lone piranha, which they take to Carl Goodman (Christopher Lloyd), a retired marine biologist who runs a pet store and aquarium shop. He explains that it is a highly aggressive prehistoric species, long believed to be extinct, and that the piranhas have survived through cannibalism. The species is able to vigorously devour its prey in seconds. Julie, Novak, Fallon, and Deputy Taylor Roberts try to evacuate the lake, but their warnings are ignored, until the piranhas begin to fiercely attack the tourists. Novak boards a jet-ski with a shotgun to help while Fallon drags people to shore, losing his legs in the process, and Julie and Taylor try to get swimmers into the police boat. Almost everyone in the lake is either wounded, dismembered, or killed by the piranhas altogether, while the remaining surviving tourists escape. The party spot rapidly turns into a bloodbath. Meanwhile, Jake spots Laura and Zane on the island and forces Derrick to rescue them. Derrick crashes the boat into some rocks, flooding the boat's lower deck and causing the boat to begin sinking. Kelly is trapped in the kitchen while Derrick, Crystal and Andrew fall overboard from the impact of the collision. Crystal is eaten, and Andrew escapes to shore unharmed. Meanwhile, Danni manages to get a partially eaten Derrick back on board, where he then dies. Deputy Fallon makes a last stand, taking a boat motor and using its propeller to shred many piranhas, though he is presumed to be killed by the piranhas. After the chaos settles, Julie receives a call from Jake pleading for help. Julie and Novak steal a speedboat and head off towards the kids. They reach Jake and attach a rope to his boat. Julie, Danni, Laura and Zane start crossing the rope, but the piranhas latch onto Danni's hair, causing her to lose her grip on the rope and fall into the water, where she is quickly devoured. The others make it across safely, but the rope comes loose. Using Derrick's corpse as a distraction, Jake ties the line to himself and goes to save Kelly. He ties Kelly to him and lights a flare after releasing the gas from a pair of stored propane tanks. Novak starts the boat and speeds away just as the piranhas surround Kelly and Jake. They are dragged to safety as the propane tanks explode, destroying the boat and killing most of the piranhas. Mr. Goodman calls Julie on the radio, and Julie tells him that they seem to have killed the majority of the piranhas. A horrified Goodman tells her that the reproductive glands on the piranha they obtained were not mature, which means that the fish they have killed were only the babies. As Novak wonders aloud where the parents are, the human sized-piranha queen leaps out of the water and eats him.
Hawthorne of the U.S.A.	American	comedy	James Cruze	As described in a film magazine,[6] Anthony Hawthorne (Reid), an American with modern ideas, stirs fashionable Europe when he breads the bank at Monte Carlo. Prince Vladimir (Stevens), a covetous member of the royal family of a small principality, makes an attempt to obtain the fund Hawthorne has on in order to purchase the army of Augustus III (Brower), whom he seeks to depose. Hawthorne joins the prince in his plot but changes his mind when he meets Princess Irma (Lee) and learns that the prince plans to murder her father. Hawthorne works to foil the plot of the prince and ends up establishing a republican form of government and marrying Irma.
Mortdecai	American	comedy	David Koepp	Lord Charlie Mortdecai, an unscrupulous art dealer and swindler, is accosted in Hong Kong by one of his victims, a gangster named Fang. Jock, Mortdecai's faithful manservant, extricates his master before they can be killed by Fang's gunmen. They return to London, where Mortdecai and his wife, Johanna, consider ways to pay off their crushing debt to the UK taxman. A painting by Francisco Goya becomes the target of an elaborate theft which results in the murders of an art restorer and one of the thieves. Inspector Alistair Martland is put on the case. Martland, who has been in love with Johanna since college, asks Mortdecai to assist him. Martland believes the prime suspect to be Emil Strago. Mortdecai agrees to help in exchange for 10% of the insurance money. Mortdecai interviews people affiliated with the art world, including Spinoza, an art smuggler. While they argue, Strago arrives and shoots at them, killing Spinoza; Mortdecai and Jock escape unharmed. Johanna meets with a man known as The Duke, who knows the thief and says that the painting conceals the location of a hoard of Nazi gold. Mortdecai is kidnapped by thugs working for a Russian named Romanov. Romanov and Strago think that Mortdecai has the painting. Romanov threatens torture unless Mortdecai surrenders it, but Mortdecai escapes through a window and Jock spirits him away. Martland, wanting to be alone with Johanna, sends Mortdecai to America to meet with Milton Krampf, a potential buyer for the Goya. Mortdecai plans to sell his beloved Rolls-Royce to the American, and uses the opportunity to see if Krampf is involved with the theft. Arriving in Los Angeles, he discovers that the Goya has been hidden in the Rolls. Spinoza, in the employ of Krampf, stashed it there after stealing it from Strago, the original thief; Krampf planned to dupe Mortdecai into smuggling the Goya into the United States in his own car. He invites Mortdecai to a party that night, where Krampf intends to display the ill-gotten painting. Jock suggests that he and Mortdecai steal the painting for themselves during the party. Krampf's daughter, Georgina, is secretly Strago's partner. She attempts to seduce Mortdecai while Strago steals the painting. Johanna arrives with Martland and catches her husband in a compromising position. Mortdecai flees the scene to help Jock steal the painting, but they find Krampf has been murdered by Strago and the painting is gone. Martland and Johanna capture Strago, but Georgina gets the drop on them, liberating her lover and the painting. Pursued by Mortdecai, Jock, Martland and Johanna, they hide in a motel where Martland intentionally sets fire to the Goya and the fire causes the explosion of the building. Johanna reveals that the painting was a fake; The Duke has the real one hidden. The Mortdecais retrieve the painting and put it up for auction. The sale attracts Fang, still seeking revenge, and Romanov, who wants the painting regardless of cost. While Mortdecai and Jock waylay both men's thugs, Strago attempts to kidnap Johanna. Mortdecai bids up the Goya but Romanov wins it; Martland apprehends Strago during the commotion. The Mortdecais find that the proceeds of the sale pay off their debt courtesy of Martland and that after the sale they are still broke however, the painting is revealed to be another fake. Romanov plots his revenge whilst his thugs begin to torture Sir Graham by surgically opening his testicles with electricity.
Gun Glory	American	western	Roy Rowland	Tom Early rides into a Wyoming town where he once lived with his wife and son. In the general store, owner Wainscott is annoyed when he believes clerk Jo is flirtatious with Early. At his old ranch, Early finds his wife's grave and his 17-year-old son, Tom Jr., embittered by his father's having abandoned them. Jo takes a job as housekeeper at Early's ranch. She resists the advances of Tom Jr., whose resentment of his father grows. When they attend church, Wainscott turns the preacher's congregation against them, insinuating Jo is living there in sin. Townspeople need help, though, when gunmen working for the villainous cattleman Grimsell ambush one of their own. A posse is formed, but by the time Early gets there, the preacher is dying and Tom Jr. is wounded. Tom uses TNT to start a rockslide, stampeding Grimsell's cattle and killing some of his men. In a showdown, Early fights with Gunn, one of Grimsell's men, and just in the nick of time, Tom Jr. comes to his rescue. They return home to a relieved Jo.
Backstage	Australian	drama	Jonathan Hardy	The plot centred on American pop singer Kate Lawrence (Branigan) wanting to embark on a career as an actress. The only job she can find is playing the lead role in an Australian theatre production of The Green Year Passes. The hiring of an American causes conflict with her Australian cast and crew, and the chagrin of theatre critic Robert Landau with whom she has an affair.
Sunghursh	Bollywood	drama	Harnam Singh Rawail	Bhavani Prasad (Jayant) is a powerful Shakta priest at Kashi. Prasad, a devotee of the black goddess Kali and a thuggee, religiously follows a practice to murder wealthy travelers who stay in his pilgrim guesthouse and offers them as a sacrifice to Kali. Prasad's son Shankar (Iftekhar) does not agree to such practices, opposes his father and decides to leave the village with his wife and their three children: Kundan (Dilip Dhavan), Yashoda and Gopal. Prasad forcibly takes Kundan with him to follow in his footsteps and forbids him from seeing the rest of the family. Young Kundan is now being raised by his grandfather Prasad, who desires to have Kundan as his successor, head of a temple and pilgrim guesthouse on the banks of the Ganges river. Prasad mysteriously kills his son and puts the blame on his enemy and nephew, Naubatlal (D. K. Sapru). Prasad had earlier killed Naubatlal's father. When Naubatlal learns the truth, he decides to take revenge, but Prasad kills Naubatlal before he could do anything. Naubatlal's family decides to leave the village and settle down Calcutta where his two young sons, Dwarka (Sanjeev Kumar) and Ganeshi Prasad (Balraj Sahni), work as merchants. They learn about their father's death from their mother (Mumtaz Begum) and swear to avenge their father's death by killing Prasad and his grandson Kundan (Dilip Kumar). Kundan continues to serve Prasad in the Banaras temple, but does not follow the practice of killing people. When he is invited to his younger sister, Yashodha's marriage (Anju Mahendru), Kundan gets a chance to visit his mother and grandmother and his siblings after many years. One day, Kundan meets Laila-E-Aasmaan (Vyjayanthimala), a courtesan, in the temple who has come from Calcutta after her madam's death. Kundan falls in love with Laila only to realise that she was his childhood friend, Munni. Kundan proposes to Laila, but Prasad does not agree to the marriage, knowing that Laila was hired by Dwarka and Ganesh Prasad to seduce Kundan and bring him to them. Kundan decides to end the feud with Dwarka, but Dwarka does not co-operate. Dwarka attacks Kundan, but gets killed my him. As repentance for his grandfather's sins, Kundan decides to serve Ganeshi and takes another identity, that of Bajrangi to make peace with him, only to realise that Ganeshi Prasad is in love with Laila and wants to marry her as his second wife.
Yuvakudu	Telugu	romance	Karunakaran	Yuvakudu is the story of a free spirited college student, Siva (Sumanth), who shares a very close bond with his mother, played by Jayasudha. Siva is the son of an army officer who's killed in the line of duty. Despite the disapproval of his mother, Siva secretly harbors a strong desire of following in his father's footsteps by joining the army. The fun loving youngster falls in love with Sindhu(Bhumika) but the girl does not reciprocate his love. She rejects his marriage proposal and the relationship takes a negative tone. Knowing her son's love for Sindhu, Jayasudha takes the responsibility of bringing them together. She meets Sindhu who too takes an instant liking for her. She eventually asks Sindhu to marry her son. Sindhu accepts the proposal saying that she's doing so only for the sake of Siva's mother. Despite a rocky start to their marriage, their relationship finally settles down. However the story takes an unexpected turn when Siva is selected into the Army. He joins the army against the wishes of his mother and their relationship turns sour. How Siva eventually proves himself in the line of duty and reconciles with his mother forms the rest of the story.
The Lost Boys	American	horror	Joel Schumacher	Brothers Michael and Sam Emerson travel with their recently divorced mother, Lucy to the small beach town of Santa Carla, California, to live with her eccentric father. Michael and Sam begin hanging out at the boardwalk, which is plastered with flyers of missing people, while Lucy gets a job at a video store run by a local bachelor, Max. Michael becomes fascinated by Star, a young woman he spots on the boardwalk, though she seems to be in a relationship with the mysterious David, the leader of a young biker gang. In the local comic book store, Sam meets brothers Edgar and Alan Frog, a pair of self-proclaimed vampire hunters, who give him horror comics to teach him about the threat they claim has infiltrated the town. Michael finally talks to Star and is approached by David, who goads him into following them by motorcycle along the beach until they reach a dangerous cliff, which Michael almost goes over. At the gang's hangout, a sunken luxury hotel beneath the cliff, David initiates Michael into the group. Star warns Michael not to drink from an offered bottle, telling him it's blood, but Michael ignores her advice. Later on, David and the others, including Michael, head to a railroad bridge where they hang off the edge over a foggy gorge; one by one they fall, Michael falling after them. Michael wakes up at home the next day unaware of how he got there. His eyes are sensitive to sunlight and he develops a sudden thirst for blood, which leads him to impulsively attack Sam. Sam's dog, Nanook, retaliates, and Sam realizes that Michael is turning into a vampire by his brother's semi-transparent reflection. Sam is initially terrified of his brother but Michael convinces him that he is not yet a vampire and that he desperately needs his help. Michael begins to develop supernatural powers and asks Star for help, but has sex with her shortly afterwards. Sam deduces that, since Michael has not killed anyone, he is a half-vampire and his condition can be reversed upon the death of the head vampire. Sam and the Frog brothers test whether Max is the head vampire during a date with Lucy, but Max passes every test and the boys decide to focus on David. To provoke him into killing, David takes Michael to stalk a group of beach goers, and instigates a feeding frenzy. Horrified, Michael escapes and returns home to Sam. Star arrives, and reveals herself as a half-vampire who is looking to be cured. It emerges that David had intended for Michael to be Star's first kill, sealing her fate as a vampire. The next day, a weakening Michael leads Sam and the Frog brothers to the gang's lair. They impale one of the vampires, Marko, with a stake, awakening David and the two others, but the boys escape, rescuing Star and Laddie, a half-vampire child and Star's companion. That evening while Lucy is on a date with Max and the grandfather is out of the house, the teens arm themselves with holy-water-filled water guns, a longbow, and stakes, barricading themselves in the house. When night falls, David's gang attack the house. The Frog brothers and Nanook manage to kill one of the vampires by pushing him into a bathtub filled with garlic and holy water, dissolving him to the bone. Sam is attacked by Dwayne, another vampire, and shoots an arrow through his heart and into the stereo behind him, electrocuting him and causing parts of his body to explode. Michael is then attacked by David, forcing him to use his vampire powers. He manages to overpower David and impales him on a set of antlers. However, Michael, Star and Laddie do not transform back to normal as they had hoped. Lucy then returns home with Max, who is revealed to be the head vampire. He informs the boys that to invite a vampire into one's house renders one powerless over said vampire, explaining why their earlier assumption appeared to be incorrect. Max reveals he had instructed David to turn Sam and Michael into vampires so that Lucy couldn't refuse to be transformed herself, as his objective had been to get Lucy to be a mother for his lost boys. As Max pulls Lucy to him, preparing to transform her, he is killed when Grandpa crashes his jeep through the wall of the house and impales Max on a wooden fence post, causing him to explode. Michael, Star and Laddie then return to normal. Amongst this carnage and debris, Grandpa casually retrieves a drink from the refrigerator, and declares: One thing about living in Santa Carla I never could stomach: all the damn vampires.
To Paris with Love	British	comedy	Robert Hamer	A father and son play matchmaker for each other during a trip to Paris.[1]
Silent Night, Deadly Night 5: The Toy Maker	American	horror	Martin Kitrosser	Late one night in December, a young boy named Derek Quinn (William Thorne) hears the doorbell ringing and goes downstairs and finds a Christmas present that has been addressed to him on the porch. His father Tom (Van Quattro) reprimands him for being up so late and opening the door, sending him off to bed. Instead Derek watches from the stairs as his curious father opens the gift. Finding a musical orb shaped like Santa Claus in the box he activates it, causing it to strangle him with retractable cords; as Tom struggles he slips and falls onto a fireplace poker, his impaled body being found by his wife Sarah (Jane Higginson) a few moments later. Two weeks later Sarah takes Derek, who hasn't spoken since his father's death, to a toy store owned by the elderly Joe Petto (Mickey Rooney) and his odd son Pino (Brian Bremer) not realizing they have been followed by Noah Adams (Tracy Fraim). After Derek rejects all the toys Joe shows him (and one called Larry the Larvae that Pino tries to give him) he and his mother leave, prompting Joe to begin angrily yelling at Pino, belittling him and blaming him for all the store's recent failures. While running from his father Pino bumps into Noah and drops the larvae toy, which Noah picks up and buys along with some other toys. At his home Noah begins taking apart the toys he bought from Joe when he is confronted by his angry landlord Harold (Gerry Black). Late paying rent, Noah, to smooth things over, gives Harold the Larry the Larvae toy in exchange for a one-day extension. While driving home Harold is killed when Larry the Larvae crawls into his mouth and bursts out his eye, causing his car to crash and explode. The next day, Sarah takes Derek to see Santa (portrayed by Noah, who takes his friend's shift) at the mall, finding another gift on the porch on the way out. While Sarah and Derek are gone Pino sneaks into their house, using a key he had hidden years earlier when he and his father lived there. When Sarah and Derek get home early (due to Noah's odd behavior towards Derek) Pino flees from the house. After confronting Joe about Pino's intrusion (and stating that she will call the police the next time it happens) Sarah decides to let Derek open the present dropped off earlier, but Derek refuses to touch it. Leaving Derek alone, Sarah is visited by her friend Kim Levitt (Neith Hunter) and while the two talk Derek sneaks outside and throws the present in a garbage can, where Kim's adopted son Lonnie (Conan Yuzna) finds it. Lonnie unwraps the gift and finds roller skates in it. Joe, in a drunken rage, begins beating Pino, accidentally killing him by knocking him down some stairs. While using the skates, Lonnie is hit by a car and left hospitalized when rockets hidden within the skates cause him to lose control. While Sarah visits Lonnie and Kim at the hospital, Derek is visited by Noah, who is shooed away by the babysitter Meridith (Amy L. Taylor), who tells Noah where to find Sarah when Noah keeps badgering her from outside. In the parking garage of Sarah's workplace, Noah, who is revealed to be Sarah's old boyfriend and Derek's real father, confronts her and the two reconcile. At the Quinn house, Meridith and her boyfriend Buck (Eric Welch) engage in sex, involving a toy hand on his butt, a toy that is left by Joe who is dressed as Santa. Joe, who had broken into the home, has a horde of toys attack them while he abducts Derek, taking him to the toy store. Shortly before taking Sarah home, Noah tells her about Joe's past, saying he was arrested years earlier for booby trapping toys he gave to children after his pregnant wife died in a car crash. Pulling into he driveway, Sarah and Noah find the hysterical and bloody Meridith, who tells them Buck is dead (having his head cut off by a circular saw attached to a toy car) and that Joe took Derek. Sarah rushes to the toy store (followed by Noah) and starts looking around upstairs, arming herself with a knife. In the basement Noah is attacked by Joe with a remote control plane and an acid squirting water pistol and is knocked out. Hearing the noise Sarah goes downstairs, finds the real Joe's dead body and tries to run, only to be stopped by the Joe dressed as Santa. The imposter Joe removes his face (showing robotic components underneath) and puts on another, revealing himself to be Pino. Pino explains to Sarah that Joe created him to replace his own dead son, but he could never live up to his father's expectations (as he was not a real son) and was continually broken and rebuilt by Joe in his drunken rages. Pino goes on to say that he wants Sarah to be his mother (sending killer toys to try to kill Derek) before beginning to dry hump her while frantically screaming I love you mommy! Sarah manages to stab Pino in the head with a screwdriver, causing him to begin malfunctioning. Grabbing the knife Sarah dropped earlier, Pino begins trying to stab Derek, whom he had placed in a large sack. Derek is saved when Noah breaks into the room and starts fighting Pino, distracting him long enough for Sarah to halve him at the waist with a double-bit axe. Barely functioning, Pino cries for his father before grabbing Sarah's leg, causing her to stomp his head into pieces. As Sarah, Derek, and Noah leave, the eyes of one of Joe's partially assembled robots spark ominously, like Pino and his creations.
Priyatama	Marathi	romance	Satish Motling	Parsha belongs to a community in Maharashtra, known as Potraj, who are said to be messengers of Goddess Lakshmi, and devote their entire lives to this service. This community travels around and makes temporary shelters at each village, feeding themselves on grains donated by villagers, as they are not allowed to live normal lives. Members of Potraj carry a whip, called Korda, and regularly practice mortification of the flesh, as a way to please Lakshmi. Parsha soon meets Gauri, a sweet young village girl belonging to a very rich family. Her father is Sarpanch of that village. Initially Gauri is scared of Parsha, but soon she begins to see a different person in him and they both start developing feelings for each other. Their mutual feelings get stronger with every meeting. Soon, they realize that they cannot live without each other, and conflict arises when they face rough reactions from both ends of society.[4] The film draws inspiration from Shakespeare's play, Romeo and Juliet.[5]
The Man Called Flintstone	American	animation	Hanna-Barbera	In the opening scene, secret agent Rock Slag, who is physically identical to Fred Flintstone, is being chased through Bedrock. His pursuers, Bobo and Ali, think that they have finally killed him when they push him off a building. Meanwhile, the Flintstones and Rubbles prepare for a camping vacation which includes trying to drop Dino and Hoppy off at the veterinarian. On the way back, Fred crashes Barney's car, and they make a stop at the hospital where Rock Slag is also recovering. After Bobo and Ali find Rock and put him out of commission, Chief Boulder of the Secret Service enlists Fred to take his place in Paris for a special meeting. His assignment is to meet Tanya, the #1 female lieutenant of master criminal Green Goose, who has agreed to turn over Green Goose in return for a chance to meet the irresistible Rock Slag. Rock, of course, wasn't sure this was such a good idea but the Chief reassures him that he will keep an eye on Fred. Thinking that the Green Goose is an actual bird, Fred tells his family that their vacation has become an all-expense paid trip to Eurock. Barney and Fred return all the camping gear and use the money to buy the Rubbles tickets to go along. Meanwhile, Ali and Bobo make several attempts on Fred's life assuming that he is Rock Slag. Once in Paris, the Chief tells Fred that he must now go to Rome instead, with the help of master of disguise Triple X. Fred makes attempts to sneak away from Wilma to meet with Tanya, but ends up spending the night trying to escape all of Rock's female admirers. After missing a date with Wilma, Fred buys her an imitation diamond necklace from a street hustler to make it up to her, but finds that she slept soundly through the night without realizing he was missing. Discovering the Chief's secret office, Fred tries to back out of his assignment but after finding out what Green Goose really is, he has pangs of guilt over Pebbles' future and makes an excuse to get away and meet Tanya at a restaurant. Unfortunately, Wilma and the Rubbles go to the same restaurant and catch them together - thinking that Fred is having an affair. Rock actually shows up to replace Fred, but gets mistakenly pounded by an angry Wilma, Betty and Barney and ends up out of commission again. Tanya then leads Fred to the Green Goose, but he is unaware that the Chief has been taken out by Bobo and Ali so he has no back-up. Barney, meanwhile, has followed Fred to see what this is all about, and they both end up captured by the Green Goose. Barney is tortured in an effort to get Fred, who is believed to be Rock, to give him secret information. The Green Goose, who is revealed to be Triple X, makes plans to launch his deadly inter-rokinental missile, locking Fred and Barney inside until he overhears that Fred has an expensive necklace on him. When he opens the door to get at the necklace, the boys turn the tables on Triple X and lock him in the missile with Bobo, Ali and Tanya —with the target reset for outer-space, sending them into an unknown fate. A huge welcome home ceremony is held in Bedrock for the return of Fred, now considered a hero, but he is just grateful to be back home with his family (after the restaurant mishap is cleared), who head on a secret getaway. Unfortunately, Roberta and Mario secretly moved into Bedrock, and they chased Fred all over town, much to the confusion of Wilma, Betty, and Barney.
Caught in the Rain	American	comedy	Charlie Chaplin	The action starts in a park, where a man is trying to romance a matronly woman, wearing a fur stole. The man leaves to go to a concession stall, St Rucopias, and Charlie comes along in his infamous tramp costume. He makes the woman laugh by almost soaking himself at the drinking fountain. He then sits next to her on the bench. The original man returns and is angry. He grabs Charlie by the face. He argues with the woman, waving his arms around and hitting Charlie with each movement. His last swing knocks Charlie clean over the bench. They leave and return to a hotel. Charlie is despondent. He leaves the park and staggers, now apparently drunk, over a wide road, almost getting hit by a car. He arrives at the same hotel and after propositioning a girl outside, enters, falling over a man's gout-bound leg at the reception desk. He checks the register to see which room the couple are in, who are meanwhile getting drunk themselves. Rushing up the stairs he slips, and slides comically back to the foot on his stomach. He makes several more dangerously balanced comical attempts, hitting the gout-bound man and his two female friends in the process. He approaches the hotel room, where the original couple are arguing. His key doesn't fit but the door is open and he enters, at first not seeing the couple due to his drunken state. The man boots him out. Charlie tries another room with his key and gets in. He starts to undress and goes to bed. Meanwhile the man across the hall leaves his wife to go out. We are told she is a sleepwalker. She crosses the hall to sit on Charlie's bed. However the rain starts and the husband returns to the hotel to find his room empty. Charlie, now awake meets him at his door and claims not to know where his wife is. While the man goes down to reception, Charlie takes her back to her room but gets trapped when the man returns. He ends up on the balcony in the rain. But then a policeman spots him and challenges him, drawing a gun. Enter the Keystone Cops. A comic battle ensues in the hallway. The husband ends up in Charlie's room and collapses drunk on the bed. The cops disappear. The wife comes into the hall and she and Charlie fall down drunk on the floor.
The Big Land	American	western	Gordon Douglas	Back home in Texas following the Civil War, former Confederate officer Chad Morgan (Alan Ladd) leads a cattle drive to Missouri, assuring fellow ranchers that their stock will bring $20 a head at auction. Instead, ruthless cattle baron Brog (Anthony Caruso) has scared off all competition and offers much less. Blamed for what happened, Morgan chooses not to return to Texas. He spends a night in a livery stable and meets town drunk Joe Jagger (Edmond O'Brien), who is nearly lynched for trying to steal whiskey. Chad helps keep Joe sober after they leave town. They meet farmers who need a better way to sell their wheat, so Chad and Joe ride to Kansas City to meet Tom Draper (Don Castle), a railroad man who is engaged to Joe's sister Helen (Virginia Mayo), a singer in the saloon. Tom likes the idea of a railroad spur to aid the farmers. Helen is pleased at the change in her brother and thanks Chad, which brings out some jealousy in her fiancé. Brog and his henchman disrupt the town's construction attempts while Chad is out of town. Joe tries to stand up to him, resisting the strong temptation to drink, but when he does, Brog guns him down. Her brother's death causes Helen to turn on Chad upon his return. Brog stampedes cattle through the town. He and his henchman then attempt to ambush Chad, who kills them both in self-defense. Helen embraces him and Tom realizes he has lost her for good.
A Return to Salem's Lot	American	horror	Larry Cohen	Michael Moriarty plays an amoral anthropologist who has been lumbered with his dysfunctional adolescent son (Ricky Addison Reed). He returns to Salem's Lot, the town of his birth, to find that it has been taken over by the undead. A few living people are kept around to provide blood for the vampires and to operate the gas station and shops in the daytime. Knowing of the anthropologist's refusal to moralise about other people's lifestyles (in the opening scene he is seen refusing to interfere in a human sacrifice and concerned only for the quality of the film he is shooting), the vampires employ him to write their story. As the vampires' evil nature becomes clear, the anthropologist is joined by a Nazi hunter (played by Samuel Fuller) who helps him save his son, and at the climax the master vampire is impaled on the American flag instead of the traditional stake. As the trio escapes Salem's Lot, the vampires are left in the sun to burn along with their homes.
The Saint Strikes Back	American	crime	John Farrow	While dancing at a New Year's party, the Saint spots an agent of Valerie Travers preparing to shoot someone, so Templar guns him down first at the stroke of midnight. Templar is placed by witnesses at the scene, so the San Francisco police request the assistance of Inspector Henry Fernack (Jonathan Hale) of the NYPD. Before Fernack can leave, the Saint arrives in New York and accompanies him to the West Coast. Travers' father had been a police inspector whose efficiency caused trouble for a mysterious criminal mastermind named Waldeman. When a large sum of money was found in his safe deposit box, however, he was fired on suspicion of working for Waldeman and committed suicide. Travers is determined to clear his name by any means necessary. The Saint takes up her cause, despite her hostility for his interference in her plans and her suspicions about his motives. Templar gets the cooperation of the police commissioner, over the objections of Chief Inspector Webster and criminologist Cullis, who wonder if the Saint is Waldeman himself. Templar and Travers cross paths again when the trail leads to Martin Eastman, a noted philanthropist and seemingly-irreproachable citizen, whom they both suspect is linked to Waldeman in some way. Templar forces Travers and her gang to drive away, all except her burglar, Zipper Dyson. Templar gets Dyson to open Eastman's safe and takes the money inside. The serial numbers confirm that it was stolen in a robbery perpetrated by Waldeman. When Eastman contacts Cullis instead of reporting the theft, Templar knows that Cullis is also working for Waldeman. With that information, not only does the Saint exonerate Travers' father, he also identifies Waldeman.
The Girl Next Door	American	romance	Luke Greenfield	Ambitious high school senior Matthew Kidman (Emile Hirsch) has been accepted to Georgetown University, but cannot afford the tuition. He has raised $25,000 in order to bring a brilliant Cambodian student, Samnang, to study in the United States, but finds little else truly memorable about his high school experience. His life suddenly changes when Danielle (Elisha Cuthbert) moves in next door. Matthew witnesses her undressing from his bedroom window, until she sees him and storms over, knocking on the door and introducing herself to his parents. They suggest to Matthew that he show Danielle around town. While driving around, Danielle stops the car and forces Matthew to get out and strip for her. The two get to know each other through weird adventures, which includes Matthew finding himself in his principal's pool. He and Danielle sneak away and pick up his friends before going to a party. When a few of Matthew's athlete classmates attempt to get him away from Danielle and kick him out of the party, he finds the courage to walk right up and kiss her. Matthew's world is suddenly rocked the next day when his friend Eli informs him that Danielle is an adult film actress. On Eli's advice, Matthew takes Danielle to a sleazy motel. Danielle, insulted, realizes that he has discovered her past and abruptly ends the relationship. Matthew later attempts to apologize and reconcile, but Danielle believes that she will never be able to escape her past and decides to return to the adult industry. Matthew tracks Danielle down at an adult film convention in Las Vegas where Kelly (Timothy Olyphant), a porn producer and Danielle's ex, menacingly warns Matthew not to interfere with his business. Matthew ignores him, convincing Danielle to leave the adult industry and begin their relationship anew. Next morning, Kelly furiously abducts Matthew from school and assaults him, saying that Danielle's failure to film has cost him $30,000. Kelly offers to let Matthew erase his debt by stealing an award statuette from porn mogul Hugo Posh (James Remar), but once Matthew has entered the house Kelly calls in a burglary report and leaves the premises. Matthew narrowly avoids the police and rushes to a scholarship award dinner. High on ecstasy that Kelly gave him as aspirin, he gives a deeply sentimental speech but loses out on the scholarship. Kelly exacts further revenge by stealing all the money Matthew raised for Samnang. Matthew fears that he will be implicated in the crime and expelled from school. He turns to Danielle for help in recouping his losses. Danielle calls in two friends from her porn star days, and they agree to make a video for Hugo Posh on prom night using Matthew's classmates as actors. After the successful shoot, Danielle and Matthew have sex in their limousine. Despite Danielle's past, it is the first time she has truly made love. The next morning Eli calls Matthew, panicked because the prom night tape has been stolen, jeopardizing their hopes of financial recovery. Matthew enters his home to find Kelly (and the stolen tape) in his home, along with his parents and Principal Salinger. Kelly, in private, tells Matthew that unless he is given half of all profits, he will play the tape immediately for Matthew's family. Matthew dares him to show the tape, asserting that he no longer cares about his now-ruined future, and Kelly obliges. Surprising everyone, Matthew and his friends have made a progressive, comprehensive sex ed tape rather than a porn film. With no more cards left to play, Kelly admits defeat as well as a grudging respect for Matthew. Hugo Posh and Matthew make millions from the video. Hugo Posh pays for Samnang to come to the USA, while Matthew has enough money to attend Georgetown and take Danielle to DC with him. Matthew's story ends with him getting the girl of his dreams and a chance at the future he has always wanted.
The Bugs Bunny/Road Runner Movie	American	animation	Phil Monroe, Chuck Jones	Bugs Bunny, while giving a tour of his home, talks about some of the famous rivalries, battles, and chases from the Looney Tunes shorts, which serves as introductions to footage from the classic short subjects. The final segment of the film consists of an extended chase sequence between Wile E. Coyote and The Road Runner.
The Three Caballeros	American	animation	Norm Ferguson	The film consists of seven segments, each connected by a common theme. In the film, it is Donald Duck's birthday (namely Friday the 13th), and he receives three presents from friends in Latin America. The first present is a film projector, which shows him a documentary about birds. During the documentary, he learns about the Aracuan Bird, who received his name because of his eccentric song. The Aracuan also makes several appearances throughout the film. The next present is a book given to Donald by José. This book tells of Bahia (spelled Baía in the film), which is one of Brazil's 26 states. José shrinks them both down so that they can enter the book. Donald and José meet up with several of the locals, who dance a lively samba, and Donald ends up pining for one girl, but fails. After the journey, Donald and José leave the book. Upon returning, Donald realizes that he is too small to open his third present. José shows Donald how to use black magic to return himself to the proper size. After opening the present, he meets Panchito, a native of Mexico. The trio take the name The Three Caballeros and have a short celebration. Panchito then presents Donald's next present, a piñata. Panchito tells Donald of the tradition behind the piñata. José and Panchito then blindfold Donald, and have him attempt to break open the piñata, eventually revealing many surprises. The celebration draws to a close when Donald is fired away by firecrackers in the shape of a ferocious toy bull (with which the firecrackers are lit by José with his cigar). Throughout the film, the Aracuan Bird appears at random moments. He usually taunts everyone with his madcap antics, sometimes stealing José's cigar and trying to make José jealous. His most famous gag is when he re-routes a train that Donald and José are riding on by drawing new tracks, causing the train to disassemble. He returns three or four years later in Melody Time (1948). The film consists of seven segments: This segment is narrated by Sterling Holloway, reproducing images of the penguins of Punta Tombo in Argentina along the coast of Patagonia. In the segment, a penguin named Pablo is so fed up with the freezing conditions of the South Pole that he decides to leave his home for warmer climates landing on the Galápagos Islands.[4] This segment involves the adventures of a little boy from Argentina in the English version (with adult narration provided by Fred Shields), and from Argentina in the Spanish version, and his winged donkey, who goes by the name of Burrito (which is Spanish for little donkey). This segment involves a pop-up book trip through the Brazilian state of Bahía, as Donald and José meet up with some of the locals who dance a samba and Donald pining for one of the women, portrayed by singer Aurora Miranda. This is the story of a group of Mexican children who celebrated Christmas by re-enacting the journey of Mary, the mother of Jesus and Saint Joseph searching for room at the inn. Posada meant inn, or shelter, and their parents told them no posada at each house until they came to one where they were offered shelter in a stable. This leads to festivities including the breaking of the piñata, which in turn leads to Donald Duck trying to break his own piñata as well. Panchito gives Donald and José a tour of Mexico on a flying sarape, or magic carpet. Several Mexican dances and songs are learned here. A key point to what happens later is that Donald is pining for some more ladies again, tries to hound down every single one he sees, and gain return affections, but once more he fails every time and ends up kissing José while blindfolded. The skies of Mexico City result in Donald falling in love with singer Dora Luz. The lyrics in the song itself play parts in the scenarios as to what is happening as well. Then several imagined kisses lead to Donald going into the Love is a drug scene. Donald constantly envisions sugar rush colors, flowers, and Panchito and José popping in at the worst moments, making chaos. The scene changes after Donald manages to dance with Carmen Molina from the state of Oaxaca, from the Isthmus of Tehuantepec. The two dance and sing the song La Zandunga. Carmen begins by singing the song, with Donald quacking out the rest of the chorus with her. The drunkenness slows down for a second after Donald multiplied himself while dancing, but speeds up again when Carmen reappears dressed in a Charro's outfit and uses a horsewhip as a conductor's baton to make cacti appear in many different forms while dancing to Jesusita en Chihuahua, a trademark song of the Mexican Revolution. This scene is notable for providing the masterful combination of live-action and cartoon animation, as well as animation among the cacti. The scene is interrupted when Panchito and José suddenly spice things up for the finale of the movie, and Donald ends up battling the same toy bull with wheels on its legs the day before from earlier. The catch is that it is again loaded with firecrackers and other explosives, following with a fireworks finale with the words The End exploding from the fireworks, first in Mexican Spanish (Fin), in the colors of the flag of Mexico, then in Brazilian Portuguese (Fim), in the colors of the flag of Brazil, and finally in English, in the colors of the flag of the United States.
Ride Him, Cowboy	American	western	Fred Allen	John Drury (John Wayne) is passing through when townsfolk are about to kill Duke, a horse they believe to be dangerous. He convinces them to reprieve the animal if he can ride it. He does, earning the gratitude of Ruth Gaunt (Ruth Hall). He then volunteers to deal with an outlaw known as the Hawk who has been terrorizing the area. Solid citizen Henry Simms (Frank Hagney) volunteers to guide him to the Hawk's territory. But Simms is actually the Hawk and he ties Drury to a tree, leaving him to die. Simms then leads a raid on a ranch, kills a man and plants Drury's harmonica at the scene. With the help of his horse Duke, Drury manages to free himself. However, a group of vigilantes, believing that he is the Hawk, accuse him of murder and take him to face a hanging judge. Fortunately, Ruth shows up, with the news that a wounded witness has regained consciousness and confirmed Drury's claim that Simms is the real bandit. Simms' men burst in and hold everyone at gunpoint. Simms takes Ruth with him to his hideout, but Drury manages to escape and follow them. The posse overpowers Simms' henchmen and captures the rest of the gang. Simms and Drury fight; when Drury is distracted by the arrival of help, Simms knocks him out and tries to flee, only to run into the deadly hooves of an enraged Duke.
Vaazhthugal	Tamil	romance	Seeman	Vazhthugal revolves around Kathiravan, a successful entrepreneur who manages a software company. Kathiravan is an affectionate son and socially responsible too. His company is involved in various social activities. When his close friend's parents are forced by their daughter-in-law to leave home, Kathrivan decides to marry a girl who will keep his parents happy. While watching a television programme he is impressed by Kayal, a college student from Coimbatore being interviewed on a show. To a question by the interviewer, 'where do you see yourself in another ten years?' Kayal deviating from the usual clichéd answers replies, As an ideal wife, mother and daughter-in-law. And during the course of her talk, she attributes her success to her large and loving family consisting of her parents, maternal grandfather, aunts, uncles and cousins. Kathiravan is impressed with her attitude and feels that she is the right life companion for him. He goes to Coimbatore to woo her. But meeting her in her college does not help. So he takes it as an opportunity when he learns that Kayal's grandfather is on the look out for an interior designer to renovate their traditional home. Posing as an interior designer, he undertakes the job winning the hearts of Kayal and her family members. When the family comes to know that the two are in love, especially Kayal's grandfather who believes that all love marriages are a failure. However, Kathiravan does not want to marry Kayal without her family's acceptance. How he wins their love is what Vazhthugal is all about.
Somewhere in Camp	British	comedy	John E. Blakeley	Three army Privates (Frank Randle, Robbie Vincent and Dan Young) and their Sergeant (Harry Korris) devise a scheme to help Private Trevor (John Singer) woo the Commanding Officer's daughter (Jean Rivers). All efforts fail until Sergeant Korris drags up as a love-struck housekeeper.
Pratigya	Bollywood	action	Dulal Guha	Ajit Singh (Dharmendra), an illiterate truck driver, learns from his dying adoptive mother, that he is the only surviving son of an honest cop who was killed and his entire family obliterated by the dreaded dacoit Bharat Thakur (Ajit) and so, he swears revenge. On his way to Dinapur, the dacoit's hideout, he meets a grievously injured cop, Inspector D'Souza, (Satyen Kappu) who dies protecting his stash of ammunition from local dacoits. Inspector D'Souza was en route to the village of Dinapur to set up a police station with his men and the ammo, and he leaves the weapons at Ajit Singh's disposal before succumbing to his wounds. Ajit Singh uses this new found stash of machine guns and grenades to pose as a cop and sets up a police station in the aforementioned village with the help of the villagers. His love interest is the feisty and pretty village belle Radha (Hema Malini), who is the niece of dreaded dacoit Bharat Thakur but hates his ways and supports Ajit Singh. Bharat Thakur himself is a cunning man and he sets up his man, the village drunkard Chandi (Keshto Mukherjee) as a spy within the village police station nexus. The rest of the film follows the struggle between Ajit Singh and Bharat and how he goes about taking his revenge and thus fulfilling his Pratigya (Promise).
A Walk in the Spring Rain	American	romance	Guy Green	Libby Meredith and her law professor husband, Roger, move from New York to a small house in the backwoods of Tennessee. Their neighbor, Will Cade, is very helpful and friendly to them, and to Libby especially. While her intellectual husband is busy writing a book, Libby comes to like the country life and finds herself attracted to Will's rural sensibilities, culminating in a brief middle-aged affair, as Will is married, too. Meanwhile, Libby's daughter, Ellen, arrives asking for help in raising her son, Bucky, while she attends Harvard law school. Shortly after, Will's hot-tempered son, who has found out about their romantic relationship, molests Libby when she is out walking. Though Libby is rescued by Will, he accidentally kills his own son while defending her. After attending the funeral, the disillusioned Merediths decide to return to New York because Roger drifted away from his wife and has grown depressed, failing to finish his book. When Libby bids goodbye to Will at his house, he says he will be waiting for her if she ever returns, but Libby replies that she no longer believes in miracles. The last scene shows Libby picking up Bucky from school, and part of the song A Walk in the Spring Rain plays over the end credits.[2]
Mo' Better Blues	American	drama	Spike Lee	The film begins with a scene set in Brooklyn, New York in 1969. A group of four boys walk up to Bleek Gilliam's brownstone and ask him to come out and play baseball with them. Bleek's mother insists that he continue his trumpet lesson, to his chagrin. His father becomes concerned that Bleek will grow up to be a sissy, and a family argument ensues. In the end, Bleek continues playing his trumpet, and his friends go away. The next scene brings us to the present (over twenty years later), with an adult Bleek (Denzel Washington) performing on the trumpet at a busy nightclub with his jazz band, The Bleek Quintet (Jeff Tain Watts, Wesley Snipes, Giancarlo Esposito and Bill Nunn). Giant (Spike Lee, one of his boyhood friends from the previous scene and current manager of Bleek's band), is waiting in the wings, and advises him to stop allowing his saxophone player Shadow Henderson (Snipes) to grandstand with long solos. The next morning Bleek wakes up with his girlfriend, Indigo Downes (Joie Lee). She leaves to go to class, while he meets his father by the Brooklyn Bridge for a game of catch, telling him that while he does like Indigo, he likes other women too and is not ready to make a commitment. Later in the day while he is practicing his trumpet, another woman named Clarke Bentancourt (Cynda Williams) visits him. She suggests he fire Giant as his manager; he suggests that they make love (which he refers to as mo’ better). She bites his lip and he becomes upset about it, saying, I make my living with my lips, as he examines the bleeding bottom lip. Giant is with his bookie, betting on baseball. Then he goes to the nightclub and argues with the doormen about what time to let the patrons into the club. He meets Bleek inside with the rest of the band, except for the pianist, Left Hand Lacey (Esposito), who arrives late with his French girlfriend and is scolded by Giant. Later Giant goes to the club owners’ office, points out how busy the club has been since Bleek and his band began playing there, and unsuccessfully attempts to renegotiate their contract. Giant meets his bookie (Rubén Blades) the next morning, who is concerned that Giant is going too deep into debt. Giant shrugs it off, and places several new bets. He then stops off at Shadow's home to drop off a record. Shadow confides in him that he is cheating on his girlfriend. This leads to the next scene where Bleek is in bed with Clarke, and she asks him to let her sing a number at the club with his band, to which he declines. Bleek and Giant are fending off requests from the other members of the band, especially Shadow, for a raise due to the band's success at the club. Bleek goes to the club owners to see about more money, which they refuse, reminding him that it was Giant who locked him into the current deal. That night at the club, both Clarke and Indigo arrive at the club to see Bleek. They are wearing the same style dress, which Bleek had purchased for them both. Bleek attempts to work it out with each girl, but they are both upset with him over the dresses, and though he sleeps with them each again they leave him (after he calls each of them by the other's name). However, tension rises with Shadow, who has feelings for Clarke. Bleek and Giant go for a bike ride, where Bleek insists to Giant that he do a better job managing and bringing in money. Giant promises to do so, then asks Bleek for a loan to pay off his gambling debt. Bleek declines, and later Giant is apprehended by two loan sharks (Samuel L. Jackson and Leonard L. Thomas) who demand payment. Giant can’t pay and gets his fingers broken. Later Giant tells Bleek that he fell off his bike on the ride home, but Bleek does not believe him. Giant asks the other band members for money and Left loans him five hundred dollars. When loan sharks stake out Giant's home, he goes to Bleek for a place to stay. Bleek agrees to help him raise the money, but fires him as manager. Bleek misses both his girlfriends, leaving messages for each, but Clarke has begun a new relationship with Shadow. Bleek finds out about it, and fires Shadow after the two fight backstage before a gig. The loan sharks track Giant down at the club before Bleek can come up with the money, take him outside and beat him while Bleek plays. Bleek goes outside to intervene, and gets beaten as well. Additionally, one loan shark (Samuel L. Jackson) takes Bleek's own trumpet, and smacks him across the face with it. This not only puts Bleek in the hospital, but it also permanently injures his lip, making him unable to continue playing trumpet. Months later, Bleek reunites with Giant, who has gotten a job as a doorman and stopped gambling. He drops in to see Shadow and Clarke, who are now performing together with the rest of Bleek's former band. Shadow invites him on stage, and they play together. Bleek still has scars to his lips, and is unable to play correctly. He walks off the stage, gives his trumpet to Giant, and goes directly to Indigo's house. She is angry with him because she hasn’t heard from him in over a year. She tries to reject him, but agrees to take him back when he begs her to save his life. A montage flashes through their wedding, the birth of their son, Miles, and Bleek teaching his son to play the trumpet. In the final scene of the movie, Miles is ten years old, and wants to go outside to play with his friends. Indigo wants him to finish practicing his trumpet lessons. However, unlike the (almost identical) opening scene in the beginning of the film, Bleek relents and allows his son to leave and play with friends. This final scene uses exactly the same dialogue as the first, with changes only in the delivery of the dialogue. A major part of the film's themes is cause and effect and fate. In letting Miles stop practicing which Bleek never did, then maybe his life will lead to an alternate, and ultimately happier, conclusion.
Kanna	Tamil	romance	Anand	The story is set in Coimbatore. Annapoorani (Sheela) is the daughter of Seetha and Raghunath (Prakashraj) MD of a software company. She has everything in life - loving family, friends and studies in a convent where she is a 10th standard student. The school organizes an educational tour to Ooty. Annapoorani goes to Ooty with her friends accompanied by her class teacher Ashirvadham (Livingston) and teacher (Sona Nair). In Ooty, they stay in a palace like guest house. Annapoorani meets Kanna (Raja) who is the group's tour guide. They are at loggerheads, but eventually get closer to each other and their acquaintance blossoms into love. This leads to a twist in the plot. Annapoorani returns to Coimbatore and is unable to forget Kanna. One day she hears her friend planning to meet her boyfriend and she gets an idea. She decides to meet her sweetheart with a gift. She borrows a two-wheeler and starts for Ooty. On the way, the vehicle breaks down. So she continues her journey on foot. In the meantime, her parents panic when they find that she has not returned from school and start searching for her.
Deadly Eyes	Canadian	horror	Robert Clouse	The plot and subplots center on the movie's leading man, Paul Harris, a divorced high school teacher and basketball coach and his interactions during a killer rat infestation with a health department inspector, Kelly Leonard, a high school cheerleader, Trudy White, his friend a professor amd rat expert, Dr. Louis Spenser, and his students. Giant rats the size of small dogs living in mountains of grain full of steroids are rendered homeless when Kelly orders it to be burned down. The Rats migrate to a suburban home occupied by unsupervised high school students. The Rats begin to kill a toddler left unattended in a high chair. Henry Younger, a senior citizen is attacked from rats, walking the snowy streets alone late at night. George Foskins, a health department field inspector, is destined to become the next victim. Inspecting the bowels of the city's sewer system, he encounters a pack of rats. George commences with 'the running of the rats' in the sewer, followed by his demise. Paul telephones his friend, Louis, who instantly concludes that the steroid feed had spawned a new breed of 'super-rat' that had migrated into the sewers in search of food. Upon hearing this information, the Health Inspector immediately orders the fumigation of the entire city sewer system, which is immediately and efficiently carried out with no apparent effect. The futility of this action is confirmed when the rat expert himself is attacked and killed. The Rats then move on to a bowling alley and a movie theater and make their first brazen mass attack on the unsuspecting public. The Rats select the viewers of a Bruce Lee movie, resulting in numerous deaths including Trudy, and a scene of fleeing film patrons. Meanwhile, the city's mayor, Mayor Rizetti, prepares to make an inaugural run of a new subway section—straight into a hungry pack of rats. While escaping the Rats, and sacrificing the other delegates, the Mayor Rizetti stows away on the empty subway train. Paul attempts to stop the festivities. He is forced to assault a cop and take his revolver. Paul proceeds down the tunnel and finds a disabled subway train with passengers just emerging from the cars. Paul finds Kelly and his son just as the rats attack the passengers and Mayor Rizetti is killed by rats off screen. The three are able to escape down the tunnel and find refuge in a fenced-in maintenance area which is the rats nest. Fortunately, they discover cutting torches and drums of flammable liquids and soon, the three escape from the tunnel as the rats are killed during a flammable explosion behind him. After the three survivors re-board the subway train to reach safety, the train reaches the platform and the party-goers for the new subway section approach the train and to shock, it's revealed that the three had boarded the same train as the Mayor Rizetti did, which shows a small amount of surviving rats eating the body of the mayor as the final scene shows a bloody rat hissing at the train window.
Bangkok Hilton	Australian	drama	Ken Cameron	Bangkok Hilton begins as Hal Stanton (Denholm Elliott) leaves Bangkok by ship in the present day. He explains that he has been travelling for years, since a shameful incident when he was a prisoner of the Japanese right there in Bangkok in WWII. He then takes us to 1960s Sydney, where he was working as a lawyer under the assumed name of Graham Greene. He falls in love with Katherine Faulkner (Judy Morris), the lovely but sheltered daughter of a wealthy family who live in a huge, isolated mansion in the outback. He visits the estate and woos Katherine and they fall passionately in love, but Hal's secret identity is soon exposed. During the war he betrayed a group of his own men, who were planning an escape, to their Japanese captors, and was later court-martialled for it. The fact that he did so to protect the rest of his men from reprisals was considered irrelevant, and he has lived with the shame ever since. Katherine's family break up the relationship and Hal moves, despondently, away. Katherine is pregnant, however, and soon gives birth to an asthmatic girl, Katrina. The young girl is raised on her own at the estate, treated as a shameful product of the illicit affair. A few years later, Katrina, now grown (Nicole Kidman), loses her mother to cancer and inherits the family fortune. Having never ventured off the estate, she travels to Sydney, where she learns that her father is not dead, as she was always told. She decides to go to London, where his family lived, to track him down. In London, she makes contact with the uncle and cousin she has never met before, overcoming their initial reluctance to meet with her. While planning her return to Australia, Katrina is befriended by Arkie Ragan (Jerome Ehlers), a young American photojournalist who becomes her lover and travelling companion. When the trail leads Katrina to Bangkok, Arkie suggests they go by way of Goa. While enjoying a romantic weekend there, he secretly picks up a shipment of heroin and loads it into a hidden compartment in the carrying case of a camera he has given to Katrina. Katrina and Arkie attempt to find Hal in Bangkok, but find the family lawyer, Richard Carlisle (Hugo Weaving), unwilling to help. Reluctantly returning to Australia, Katrina is arrested at the airport when drug sniffing dogs detect the drugs in her camera case. Arkie, who had joined another queue in the customs hall, disappears. Katrina is imprisoned in a squalid, overcrowded Bangkok prison nicknamed the Bangkok Hilton. There she meets another Australian woman, Mandy Engels (Joy Smithers), a heroin addict also imprisoned for drug trafficking. Mandy had used her brother, who had mental health problems, Billy (Noah Taylor) to carry her drugs as they passed through airport customs but the drugs were detected and both were sentenced to death for trafficking. As Katrina's case works its way through the courts they become friends, with Mandy teaching Katrina the ropes of prison life. Meanwhile, Richard Carlisle convinces Hal to take an active part in the case, pretending to be a lawyer from Carlisle's firm. Hal finds it especially difficult to visit Katrina in the Bangkok Hilton, because it is the same prison where he was kept by the Japanese forty years earlier. Nonetheless, he finds the will to do so, and to retrace Katrina's footsteps to London and Goa, reuniting with his family as he tracks down the elusive Arkie, hoping his daughter can be saved this way. Eventually, though, Hal and Katrina will be forced to rely only on their own strength to save her life.
Joe Kidd	American	western	John Sturges	Set in the early 1900s, Clint Eastwood stars as Joe Kidd, a former bounty hunter who is in jail for hunting on Indian land and disturbing the peace in the New Mexican town of Sinola. Mexican bandito/revolutionary Luis Chama (John Saxon) has organized a peasant revolt against the local landowners, who are throwing the poor off land that rightfully belongs to them. When a posse — financed by wealthy landowner Frank Harlan (Robert Duvall) — is formed to capture Chama, Kidd is invited to join, but prefers to remain neutral. Harlan persists and Kidd finally relents when he learns that Chama's band has raided his own ranch and attacked one of the workers. The posse rides into a village and forces the villagers into the church at gunpoint. They threaten to kill five Mexican hostages unless Chama surrenders. Harlan throws Kidd into the church to prevent him from helping Helen, a female captive who is also Chama's lady love (unbeknownst to Harlan), and the other Mexican hostages. Kidd manages a daring escape and saves the hostages, determined to find Chama on his own and see that justice is done, but when he does capture Chama and delivers him to Sheriff Mitchell (Gregory Walcott) Harlan is already waiting for them in town. To get to the jailhouse, Kidd drives a steam train through the town saloon. A gunfight then ensues between Kidd and Harlan's men. Kidd manages to kill Harlan in the courthouse by hiding in the judge's chair. Chama then surrenders to Mitchell, but not before Kidd punches the sheriff because the sheriff had punched him during the poaching arrest. Kidd then collects his things and leaves town with Helen.
The Haunting	American	horror	Jan de Bont	Eleanor Nell Vance (Lili Taylor) has cared for her invalid mother for 11 years. After her mother dies, her sister Jane (Virginia Madsen) and Jane's boyfriend Lou (Tom Irwin) eject her. Nell receives a phone call about an insomnia study, directed by Dr. David Marrow (Liam Neeson) at Hill House, a secluded manor in the Berkshires of western Massachusetts, and applies for it. At the house, she meets Mr. and Mrs. Dudley (Bruce Dern, Marian Seldes), a strange pair of caretakers. Two other participants arrive, Luke Sanderson (Owen Wilson) and Theodora (Catherine Zeta-Jones), along with Dr. Marrow and his two research assistants. Unknown to the participants, Dr. Marrow’s true purpose is to study the psychological response to fear, intending to expose his subjects to increasing amounts of terror. Each night, the caretakers chain the gate outside Hill House, preventing anyone from getting in or out until morning. During their first night, Dr. Marrow relates the story of Hill House. The house was built by Hugh Crain — a 19th-century textile tycoon. Crain built the house for his wife, hoping to populate it with a large family of children; however, all of Crain's children died during their birth. Crain's wife Renee killed herself before the house was finished and Crain became a recluse. After the story, Marrow's assistant's face is slashed by a snapped clavichord wire. The freak accident causes Marrow's research assistants to leave. Nell begins to suspect that it was no accident, as she notices that the wire was unwound by someone or something. Theo and Nell begin to experience unusual happenings within the house, such as a mysterious force trying to open the door, Nell starts seeing ghosts of children in curtains and sheets, Hugh Crain's wood portrait morphs into a skeletal face and is vandalized with the words Welcome Home Eleanor written in blood. Theo and Luke try to establish their innocence, but Nell tells them that they don't know her. Nell becomes determined to prove that the house is haunted by ghostly children who are only terrorized and killed by Crain's cruelty. She learns that Crain kidnapped the children from his cotton mills and slaughtered them, then burned their bodies in the fireplace, trapping their ghosts and forcing them to remain with him, providing him with an 'eternal family'. She also learns that Crain had a second wife named Carolyn, from whom she is descended. Dr. Marrow is skeptical of Eleanor's claims, until he realizes he made a mistake by bringing them to Hill House when a statue tries to drown him in a pool of water in a greenhouse. After several more terrifying events, Nell insists that she cannot leave the ghosts of the kids to suffer for eternity at Crain's hands. Trying to convince Eleanor to leave the house with them, Theo offers to let Nell move in with her, but Nell reveals her relation to Carolyn and claims she must help the children to move on to the afterlife. Hugh Crain's ghost seals up the house, trapping them all inside. A frustrated Luke defaces a portrait of Hugh Crain. Crain's enraged spirit drags Luke to the fireplace where he is decapitated by the flue. Nell is able to lead Crain's spirit towards an iron door. The spirits pull Crain into the door, dragging him down to Hell. Nell is pulled with him, inflicting fatal trauma on her body, but the ghosts gently release her on the ground. Her ghost rises up to Heaven, accompanied by the children's ghosts. After Nell's death and when she moved on to Heaven along with the ghosts, Theo and Dr. Marrow wait by the gate outside until the Dudleys come in the morning. The Dudleys approach as the sun rises. Mr. Dudley asks Dr. Marrow if he found what he wanted to know, but the traumatized psychiatrist does not give an answer, and neither does Theo. When the gate opens, the two silently walk out and down the road, leaving Hill House behind them.
Charlie Chan at Treasure Island	American	crime	Norman Foster	Charlie and Jimmy Chan are traveling by plane to San Francisco. Jimmy befriends insurance executive Thomas Gregory. Charlie's friend, novelist Paul Essex, dies aboard the aircraft after receiving a radiogram warning him not to ignore Zodiac. His briefcase mysteriously disappears. Charlie meets with Deputy Police Chief J.J. Kilvaine, and runs into reporter and old friend Peter Lewis. Charlie also meets noted local magician Fred Rhadini, and discusses Essex's death with the three men. Rhadini tells Charlie about Dr. Zodiac, a psychic preying on the rich in San Francisco. Charlie, Rhadini, and Lewis go to Dr. Zodiac's home, where Dr. Zodiac conducts an eerie séance. Lewis' fiancée, Eve Cairo, has been meeting with Dr. Zodiac, angering Lewis. Later, Kilvaine reveals that Essex was poisoned, but can't rule out suicide. Jimmy spends the afternoon following Thomas Gregory, whom he believes stole Essex's briefcase when leaving the plane. He discovers Essex's manuscript in Gregory's hotel room. That night, Charlie attends Rhadini's magic show at the Golden Gate International Exposition on Treasure Island. Rhadini's clumsy, comic acquaintance, Elmer Kelner, is helping to serve food and drink at the club. Charlie meets Eve Cairo and socialite Bessie Sibley, as well as Rhadini's jealous wife, Myra. During her telepathy act with Fred Rhadini, Eve comes into contact with someone thinking about murder and Charlie is almost killed when a knife is thrown at him. After the show, Charlie, followed by Rhadini and Lewis, break into Dr. Zodiac's home. They find Jimmy already there. Charlie discovers evidence that Zodiac is a fraud. When Zodiac's Turkish houseman, Abdul, arrives, Charlie searches him and finds the holster that fits the knife. Abdul escapes, and the burglars discover Zodiac's vast files which he uses to frighten and blackmail others. Charlie realizes Bessie Sibley is providing information on others to protect herself, and that Zodiac was blackmailing Essex. Charlie burns Zodiac's office to protect the innocent. Essex's manuscript is a fictional account of Dr. Zodiac's blackmail scheme, and the next morning Charlie finds that the last page revealing who the murder was committed is missing. Charlie meets with Gregory, who says he is an insurance company detective investigating mysterious suicides. Charlie believes Gregory's claim is false, and Gregory fails to steal the manuscript back. Charlie believes Dr. Zodiac suffers from pseudologia fantastica, and Rhadini challenges Dr. Zodiac to a public test of psychic skills. Dr. Zodiac accepts the claim by leaving a note on the front door of the Temple of Magic where Rhadini performs. It's written on the same paper that contains the missing manuscript page. The manuscript mentions a pygmy arrow; a similar arrow from a display in the foyer of the Temple of Magic is missing. That night, Charlie, Jimmy, Bessie Sibley, Myra Rhadini, and Peter Lewis attend Rhadini's magic show, where he is assisted by Eve Cairo and Elmer Kelner. Dr. Zodiac appears during the show, and is invited on stage. As Rhadini performs a levitation trick, Zodiac is killed with the pygmy arrow. Dr. Zodiac is revealed to be Abdul. Although a bow is found, it is too brittle to have fired the arrow. Zodiac must have been stabbed with the arrow. Gregory gives Rhadini an alibi after discovering Rhadini's wand in the aisle by his seat. Kilvaine reveals that Gregory is Stewart Salsbury, and that he really is an insurance company executive. At Kilvaine's suggestion, the murder is re-enacted with Lewis standing in for Zodiac. The secret of Rhadini's levitation trick is revealed, and Rhadini is stabbed in the aisle during the act. Myra uses the sphinx—an upright metal pseudo-Egyptian coffin with a hidden elevator in its floor—to go from the stage to the below-stage area, where her husband's dressing room is located. Charlie encourages Eve to try to tap into the mind of the killer. Eve reads Charlie's thoughts, which describe the motivations of Stella Essex, Bessie Sibley, Thomas Gregory, Peter Lewis, Fred Rhadini, and Myra Rhadinia (although without mentioning their names). The mind of Dr. Zodiac interferes with Eve's mind. Eve reads Zodiac's mind, and discovers that the real Dr. Zodiac killed Abdul because only Abdul knew Dr. Zodiac's real identity. The killer attempts to shoot Eve while she is on stage, but Jimmy spots the pistol and pushes the gun away just in time. Dr. Zodiac is revealed to be Fred Rhadini. While all eyes were on Eve, he sneaked into the wings, ran below the stage, and used the elevator in the sphinx to re-emerg on stage and attempt to kill Eve. Charlie reveals that Rhadini used a wand with a spring trigger to fire the arrow that killed Abdul. He then stabbed himself to divert attention from himself as a suspect.
Phantom of the Opera	American	horror	Rupert Julian	The film opens with the debut of the new season at the Paris Opera House, with a production of Gounod's Faust. Comte Philippe de Chagny (John St. Polis) and his brother, the Vicomte Raoul de Chagny (Norman Kerry) are in attendance. Raoul attends only in the hope of hearing his sweetheart Christine Daaé (Mary Philbin) sing. Christine has made a sudden rise from the chorus to understudy of Mme. Carlotta, the prima donna. Raoul visits her in her dressing room during the performance, and makes his intentions known that he wishes for Christine to resign and marry him. Christine refuses to let their relationship get in the way of her career. At the height of the most prosperous season in the Opera's history, the management suddenly resign. As they leave, they tell the new managers of the Opera Ghost, a phantom who asks for opera box #5, among other things. The new managers laugh it off as a joke, but the old management leaves troubled. After the performance, the ballerinas are disturbed by the sight of a mysterious man in a fez (Arthur Edmund Carewe), who dwells in the cellars. Arguing whether or not he is the Phantom, they decide to ask Joseph Buquet, a stagehand who has actually seen the ghost's face. Buquet describes a ghastly sight of a living skeleton to the girls, who are then startled by a shadow cast on the wall. The antics of stagehand Florine Papillon (Snitz Edwards) do not amuse Joseph's brother, Simon (Gibson Gowland), who chases him off. Meanwhile, Mme. Carlotta (Virginia Pearson), the prima donna of the Paris Grand Opera, barges into the managers' office enraged. She has received a letter from The Phantom, demanding that Christine sing the role of Marguerite the following night, threatening dire consequences if his demands are not met. Christine is in her dressing room at that moment, speaking to a phantom voice (which the audience sees as a shadow on a wall behind the dressing room.) The voice warns her that she will take Carlotta's place on Wednesday and that she is to think only of her career and her master. The following day, in a garden near the Opera House, Raoul meets Christine and asks her to reconsider his offer. Christine admits that she has been tutored by a divine voice, the Spirit of Music, and that it is now impossible to stop her career. Raoul tells her that he thinks someone is playing a joke on her, and she storms off in anger. Wednesday evening, Carlotta is ill and Christine takes her place in the opera. During the performance, the managers go to Box 5 to see exactly who has taken it. The keeper of the box does not know who it is, as she has never seen his face. The two managers enter the box and are startled to see a shadowy figure seated there. They run out of the box and compose themselves, but when they enter the box again, the person is gone. In her next performance, Christine reaches her triumph during the finale and receives a standing ovation from the audience. When Raoul visits her in her dressing room, she pretends not to recognize him, because unbeknownst to those in the room, the phantom voice is present. Meanwhile, Simon Buquet finds the body of his brother, Joseph, hanging by the strangler's noose and vows vengeance. Raoul spends the evening outside her door, and after the others have left, just as he is about to enter, he hears the voice within the room. He overhears the voice make his intentions to Christine: Soon, Christine, this spirit will take form and will demand your love! When Christine leaves her room alone, Raoul breaks in to find it empty. Carlotta receives another discordant note from the Phantom. Once again, it demands that she take ill and let Christine have her part. The managers also get a note, reiterating that if Christine does not sing, they will present Faust in a house with a curse on it. The following evening, despite the Phantom's warnings, a defiant Carlotta appears as Marguerite. At first, the performance goes well, but soon the Phantom's curse takes its effect, backstage, causing the great crystal chandelier to fall down onto the audience. Christine runs to her dressing room and is entranced by a mysterious voice through a secret door behind the mirror, descending, in a dream-like sequence, semi-conscious on horseback by a winding staircase into the lower depths of the Opera. She is then taken by gondola over a subterranean lake by the masked Phantom into his lair. The Phantom introduces himself as Erik and declares his love; Christine faints, so Erik carries her to a suite fabricated for her comfort. The next day, when she awakens, she finds a note from Erik telling her that she is free to come and go as she pleases, but that she must never look behind his mask. In the next room, the Phantom is playing his composition, Don Juan Triumphant. Christine's curiosity gets the better of her, and she sneaks up behind the Phantom and tears off his mask, revealing his hideously deformed face. Enraged, the Phantom makes his plans to hold her prisoner known. In an attempt to plead to him, he excuses her to visit her world one last time, with the condition that she never sees her lover again. Released from the underground dungeon, Christine makes a rendezvous at the annual masked-ball, which is graced with the Phantom in the guise of the 'Red-Death' from the Edgar Allan Poe short story of the same name. Raoul finds Christine and they flee to the roof of the Opera House, where she tells him everything that followed the chandelier crash. However, an unseen jealous Phantom perching on the statue of Apollo overhears them. Raoul plans to whisk Christine safely away to London following the next performance. As they leave the roof, the mysterious man with the fez approaches them. Aware that the Phantom is waiting downstairs, he leads Christine and Raoul to another exit. The following evening, Raoul meets Christine in her dressing room. She has heard the voice of the Phantom, who has revealed that he knows their plans. Raoul has arranged for a carriage and reassures her nothing will go wrong. During the performance, the Phantom kidnaps Christine off the stage during a blackout. Raoul rushes to Christine's dressing room, and meets the man in the fez, who reveals himself to be Inspector Ledoux, a secret policeman who has been studying Erik's moves as the Phantom since he escaped as a prisoner from Devil's Island. Ledoux reveals the secret door in Christine's room and the two men enter the catacombs of the Opera House in an attempt to rescue Christine. Instead, they fall into the Phantom's dungeon, a torture room of his design. Philippe has also found his way into the catacombs looking for his brother, and a clanging alarm alerts the Phantom to his presence in a canoe on the lake. Phillipe is drowned by Erik, who returns to find the two men in the torture chamber. Turning a switch, the Phantom subjects the two prisoners to intense heat; the two manage to escape the chamber by opening a door in the floor as they are about to perish. In the chamber below, the Phantom shuts a gate, locking them in with barrels full of gunpowder. The Phantom gives Christine a choice of two levers: one shaped like a scorpion and the other like a grasshopper. One of them will save Raoul's life, but at the cost of Christine marrying Erik, while the other will blow up the barrels in the chamber Raoul and Ledoux are trapped in, in effect destroying the Opera House and killing them all. Christine picks the scorpion, but it is a trick by the Phantom to save Raoul and Ledoux from being killed by drowning them. Christine begs the Phantom to save Raoul, promising him anything in return, even becoming his wife. At the last second, the Phantom opens a trapdoor in his floor through which Raoul and Ledoux are saved. A mob, led by Simon, infiltrates the Phantom's lair. As the clanging alarm sounds and the mob approaches, the Phantom attempts to flee with Christine in the carriage meant for Raoul and Christine. While Raoul saves Christine, the Phantom is pursued and killed by a mob, who throw him into the River Seine to finally drown. In a brief epilogue, Raoul and Christine are shown on their honeymoon in Viroflay.
Beer for My Horses	American	comedy	Michael Salomon	Best friends Joe Bill Rack Racklin (Toby Keith) and Lonnie Freeman (Rodney Carrington) are deputy sheriffs in the small town of Mangum, Oklahoma who enjoy pig hunting and drinking at the local bar the Thirsty Monkey. After his girlfriend Cammie (Gina Gershon) leaves him when he does not make time for her due to his job and hanging out with friends, Rack finds out that his old flame Annie Streets (Claire Forlani) has returned home from Chicago to care for her sick mother. Rack, Lonnie, and their friend and fellow deputy Skunk Tarver (Ted Nugent) arrest three local criminals and a Mexican drug lord Tito Garza (Greg Serano) for stealing fertilizer that is intended to make methamphetamine. Garza is scheduled to be turned over to the FBI for federal charges when Annie mysteriously disappears after a date with Rack, who discovers that Annie has been kidnapped by Tito's older brother Manuel Garza (Carlos Sanz), who runs a large Mexican drug cartel. Manuel contacts the police and demands Manuel to be returned to him in Santa Luna, Mexico or he will kill Annie. Despite being taken off the case by their boss Sheriff Landry (Tom Skerritt), Rack, Lonnie, and Skunk bust Tito out of his jail cell and take him to Mexico. Along the way, they approach a young hooker named Harveyetta and are helped by a group of circus entertainers led by Charlie (Willie Nelson), who gives them a jug of homemade whiskey known as circus jolly. Once in Mexico after dropping Harveyetta off, they engage in a gunfight with Garza's men and it is revealed that Annie's rich and powerful stepfather Buck Baker (Barry Corbin) is Garza's partner and his United Farm Enterprises is the base for the largest methamphetamine operation in Oklahoma. Baker reveals that the local district attorney Levin (Curtis Armstrong) is corrupt and that he has been giving Annie's mother goofy juice to make her appear to have Alzheimer's disease. With the help of former criminal Johnny Franks who becomes undercover FBI agent Levon Spurlock, Rack kills Buck and rescues Annie. Rack, Lonnie, and Skunk turn Manuel and Tito over to the FBI in Oklahoma City and return to Mangum. There they are cheered by the local crows at the Thirsty Monkey. Landry berates them for disobeying orders but does not arrest them and everyone toasts whiskey for my men, beer for my horses while serving circus jolly.
Knighty Knight Bugs	American	animation	Friz Freleng	King Arthur is sitting with his Knights of the Round Table, complaining about hard times that have befallen the kingdom ever since the Black Knight stole the Singing Sword. He asks his knights—among them Sir Osis of Liver and Sir Loin of Beef—for a volunteer to get the sword back. The knights complain that the Black Knight is invincible and has a fire-breathing dragon guarding the sword. King Arthur angrily demands to know if the knights are all chicken, and is dismayed when he hears clucking and sees chicken feathers flying. Bugs, dressed as a court jester, dances in and tells King Arthur that only a fool would be crazy enough to go after the Singing Sword. The King agrees (A good idea, fool.), and tells Bugs that he has to get the singing sword, or else face being executed (Put to the rack, burned at the stake, and beheaded). Bugs at first laughs at the idea, but then starts crying when he realizes that the king is serious. At the castle of the Black Knight—shown to be Yosemite Sam dressed in black armor—there is a fire-breathing dragon that belongs to Sam, but the dragon has come down with a cold from allowing its fire to get low, and thus, is prone to fits of sneezing, causing jets of flame to shoot from its nostrils. Sam feeds the dragon some coal to fuel the dragon's internal fire, and then goes back to taking a nap on his chair. Bugs sneaks in to the castle, past Sam and the dragon and to the chest where he pulls out the singing sword. He openly wonders why it's called a singing sword and finds out when it starts vibrating, via a musical saw, to the tune of Cuddle up a Little Closer, Lovey Mine. Sam wakes up and chases Bugs, but Bugs slams the door in Sam's face, causing his armor to fall off. Sam then wakes up the dragon (Wake up, you fire-breathing lizard!), who unintentionally breathes fire on him (And stop breathing on me, you idjit!). Bugs runs outside the castle, chased by Sam on the dragon. Bugs ducks into a hole, and Sam slides off the dragon when trying to stop. Bugs then runs back to the castle and raises the drawbridge as Sam approaches, causing Sam to fall into the moat. When Sam demands that Bugs lowers the drawbridge, Bugs lowers it right onto Sam's head, who yells in a muffled voice to raise it back up again. A flat Sam shouts: Okay, rabbit! You've forced me to use force! Sam then uses the dragon to pull a catapult in place, gets on it and launches himself to the castle, but misses the window Bugs is looking out of, flattening his front (In a cramped voice, Sam declares: You'll pay for this, varmint!). Next, Sam lassos a rope around one of the battlements of the castle, but as he is climbing up, Bugs whacks Sam on the head with a mallet (Now, let's see if I remember. Head down, left arm stiff.), causing Sam to slide down the rope outside of his armor. Thinking the coast is clear, Bugs sneaks out of the castle. Sam and his dragon are hidden behind a rock waiting for Bugs, but the dragon sneezes on Sam again, alerting Bugs to their presence. Bugs then runs back into the castle, followed by Sam and the dragon. Bugs runs into a room, Sam and the dragon follow, then Bugs sneaks out and locks the door to what is now shown as an explosives room. Surrounded by all kinds of explosives, Sam tries to keep the dragon from sneezing again (Aagh! Don't sneeze, you stupid dragon, or you'll blow us to the moon!). As Bugs walks away from the castle, the dragon sneezes again, and the tower Sam and the dragon are in takes off like a rocket, flying towards the moon (Sam glares at the befuddled dragon and says, Dragons is so stupid!). Bugs waves goodbye, saying: Farewell to thee. The singing sword picks up on this and starts humming Farewell to Thee as Bugs walks out of sight, ending the cartoon.
The Duff	American	comedy	Ari Sandel	Bianca is enjoying her senior year of high school in the suburbs of Atlanta with her two best friends, Jess and Casey, both of whom are significantly more popular than she is. She is also the neighbor and former childhood friend of Wesley, a star on the school's football team, with whom she had fallen out during high school. She has a crush on guitar-playing Toby, and reluctantly attends a party hosted by mean-girl Madison, hoping to talk to him. The party turns out to be a disaster for her, as it's there that Wesley unthinkingly reveals to her that she is the DUFF of her friend group, the Designated Ugly Fat Friend. The DUFF does not actually have to be ugly or fat, he explains, it's just the person in a social group who is less popular and more accessible than the others in the group. People exploit the DUFF to get to the popular people. Bianca is insulted and devastated, but she soon realizes Wesley is right. The students in her high school are only interested in her as a way to get to Jess and Casey. She takes her anger out on Jess and Casey and unfriends them on social media and in person. Bianca later overhears Wesley's science teacher Mr. Fillmore telling Wesley that unless he passes the midterm, he's off the football team, which could cost him his football scholarship. Desperate to change her social standing and go on a date with Toby, Bianca strikes a deal with Wesley—she'll help him pass science if he'll advise her how to stop being a DUFF. They have a fun time at a mall, attempting a makeover by buying new clothes. This backfires when Madison's minion records Bianca playing around in her new clothes and pretending that a mannequin is Toby. They create a video ridiculing Bianca and post it online leading to the entire school mocking her. It also becomes clear that Madison (a reality-TV wannabe) feels possessive of Wesley, her on-again off-again boyfriend, and is jealous of Bianca's relationship with him. Wesley tells Bianca not to let the video destroy her. Instead, he suggests she own it and just be upfront with Toby by talking directly to him and asking him out. When Bianca sees Toby at school, she does ask him, and to her surprise he accepts. When Wesley becomes frustrated by the constant arguing between his parents, Bianca takes him to her favorite spot in the forest, her think rock, to help him cope with a possible divorce. They kiss, but joke about it and pretend it didn't mean anything. At Bianca and Toby's date at his house, she finds herself thinking about Wesley, but tries to brush it off. She ultimately discovers that Toby is Duffing her—spending time with her in order to connect with Jess and Casey. She confronts Toby, finally seeing him for the shallow and superficial jerk he is, and leaves in tears. Seeking Wesley to talk with him about the date, she finds him at the thinking rock kissing Madison. Angry with Toby and Wesley, she reunites with Jess and Casey who were genuine friends all along. They, along with her understanding mother Dottie, convince her to go to the homecoming dance with them, in an outfit they create together that incorporates elements of Bianca's previous wardrobe such as her flannel shirts. At the dance, Bianca tells off Madison, saying essentially that we are all DUFFs who should be true to our own identities and her bullying was just a reflection of her own insecurities about herself. Madison is crowned homecoming queen and Wesley is crowned king, but he rejects Madison and the title and kisses Bianca in front of the whole school. In the end, Bianca's article about homecoming is a hit with the students; Bianca is going to attend Northwestern University while Wesley goes to Ohio State. In the end Bianca and Wesley are still together.
Demon Knight	American	horror	Ernest R. Dickerson	A woman, having recently murdered a man, soaks in the bath. The corpse of the murdered man then awakens and attempts to murder the woman. Right before the corpse hacks the woman to death, the whole thing turns out to be a film shoot with the Crypt Keeper directing. While the angry Crypt Keeper berates the lead actor (John Larroquette) for his lack of talent, he becomes aware of the viewer and begins to promote his latest project, which he hopes will get him into Hollywood: Demon Knight. On a desert road in New Mexico, The Collector (Billy Zane) pursues drifter Frank Brayker (William Sadler). The vehicles crash and Brayker flees. Local drunk Uncle Willy (Dick Miller) takes him to a decommissioned church converted into a boarding house, where he rents a room and observes the residents: owner Irene (C. C. H. Pounder), prostitute Cordelia (Brenda Bakke), postal clerk Wally (Charles Fleischer), and a convict on work release named Jeryline (Jada Pinkett Smith). A misogynistic cook named Roach (Thomas Haden Church) arrives and informs the group about a theft attempt on his employer's car, unaware it was Brayker, and a suspicious Irene calls the sheriff. Sheriff Tupper (John Schuck) and his deputy Bob (Gary Farmer) encounter The Collector at the crash site, who convinces them that Brayker is a dangerous thief. At the boarding house, Tupper and Bob learn that Brayker is in possession of an important artifact and that he is carrying false ID. Tupper also gets word from his base that both cars were stolen and he arrests Brayker as well as The Collector. The Collector kills Tupper by punching through his skull. Driven outside by the key-like artifact Brayker possesses, The Collector draws his own blood on the sand and produces a team of demonic creatures. Brayker uses blood from the artifact to protect the building and tells the group they must wait out the night. Unable to get in, The Collector uses psychic powers to seduce and possess Cordelia. Cordelia kills Wally and cripples Irene before Brayker kills her. The group attempts to escape through old mine tunnels under the building, where Jeryline finds Danny hiding. The other townsfolk, under demonic possession, drive them back into the church. The residents demand an explanation, and Brayker reluctantly tells them the history of the key artifact. Following the creation of Earth by God, demons used seven keys to focus the power of the cosmos into their hands. When discovered, God created light, which scattered the demons and the keys across the universe. The artifact that Brayker holds is the last key needed to reclaim power; and to protect it, God had a thief named Sirach fill it with the blood of Jesus Christ. The guardians of the key, immortal while holding it, have since passed it on, refilling it with their own blood when they die. Brayker received the key from his commanding officer during World War I. Danny disappears and Jeryline rallies everyone to look for him, during which Roach sneaks the key out of Brayker's satchel. In the church attic, Irene and Bob discover that Wally was planning to attack the post office with a trunk full of weapons. The Collector soon possesses Uncle Willy, who attacks the others. While battling Willy, Roach makes a deal with The Collector to trade his life for the key, but The Collector betrays and kills him soon after Roach walks away. Brayker retrieves the key in the battle and Irene and Bob sacrifice themselves to stop the remaining minions. In the attic, The Collector brainwashes Danny, who mortally wounds Brayker before Jeryline kills him. As he dies, Brayker initiates Jeryline as a guardian of the key, deactivating all blood seals. Jeryline confronts The Collector and spits blood from the key in his face, causing him to transform into a large demon before being destroyed. At dawn, Jeryline refills the key with Brayker's blood and boards a bus with her cat, sealing the door behind them. Down the road, the bus stops to pick up a stranger (Mark David Kennerly), who declines to get on stating that he'll catch the next one. Dressed identically to his predecessor and carrying the same suitcase, Jeryline realizes that he is the next Collector. After exchanging a glance in passing, the new Collector begins following on foot, whistling the theme song to the Tales from the Crypt television series. While the Collector walks away, the camera shifts to a nearby hole, which leads to the Crypt Keeper's home. He prepares for the premiere of his film with the starlets with him. The Crypt Keeper informs the viewer that Jeryline lives happily ever after and is enjoying traveling the world. Once he arrives at the lavish premiere, the producers reveal their powers of final cut, snare him in a guillotine, and decapitate him, much to his delight.
Save the Last Dance	American	romance	Thomas Carter	Sara Johnson, a promising dancer in high school in suburban Chicago, hopes to be admitted to study at Juilliard School and invites her mother to attend the audition. She fails the audition and soon learns that her mother was involved in a fatal car accident in her haste to get to the audition. Sara is wracked by guilt and gives up on ballet. She moves in with her father and transfers to an urban Chicago school. Her father is a jazz musician who plays the trumpet and usually plays in nightclubs. At her new school, Sara is one of a handful of white students but quickly befriends Chenille, a single teen mother who is having relationship problems. Chenille invites Sara to a dance club called STEPPS, where she has her first experience of dancing to hip hop rhythms. At STEPPS, Sara dances with Derek, Chenille's brother and a student with dreams of ultimately attending Georgetown Medical School. He decides to help Sara develop her dancing skills by incorporating more hip hop into her style. Derek takes a reluctant Sara to the Joffrey Ballet and, afterwards, Sara confides in him about her mother and her dreams. Later, they return to the club and amaze others with their dancing. Having achieved his dream of being accepted at Georgetown University, Derek convinces her to follow her dreams of Juilliard. Eventually, Sara and Derek begin a relationship. At school, Nikki, Derek's jealous ex-girlfriend, picks a fight with Sara. Chenille tells Sara that she didn't approve of the fight but can understand the bitterness since Sara, a white girl, is seen as stealing one of the few decent black men in the school. Because of this conversation, Sara breaks up with Derek. Meanwhile, Derek deals with his friend Malakai, who is heavily into the gang lifestyle that Derek is trying to leave. Derek accepts Malakai's plea for support in a drive-by for the same time as Sara's audition. Sara's father has a heart-to-heart talk with her and encourages her to audition for Juilliard again. After hearing what Chenille told Sara, Derek confronts her and admitted his true reasons for dumping Nikki. She admits what she did was wrong and encourages him to be with Sara. Chenille also warns Derek not to support Malakai knowing the consequences and he will lose his chance to attend Georgetown. Derek turns his back on Malakai to attend Sara's audition. He arrives at a crucial point of her performance to offer her encouragement and moral support. After her audition, Sara is accepted and she rekindles her relationship with Derek. Meanwhile, the drive-by becomes botched and Malakai is arrested. The film closes as Sara, Derek, Chenille, and their friends meet at STEPPS to celebrate Sara's successful audition.
Black Heat	American	action	Al Adamson	Kicks Carter is a streetwise policeman whose beat is Las Vegas. A crime gang is running guns, selling drugs, loan-sharking, and running a prostitution ring out of an upscale hotel in the city and Kicks is trying to put them out of business. But the interference of a woman reporter is making his job more difficult.
Hold Back the Dawn	American	romance	Mitchell Leisen	The story opens with Georges Iscovescu (Boyer) recounting his story to a Hollywood film director at Paramount in an effort to earn some quick cash. Georges is a Romanian-born gigolo who has arrived in a Mexican border town seeking entry to the US. He has to endure a waiting period of up to eight years in order to obtain a quota number, living with other hopeful immigrants in the Esperanza Hotel. After six months he is broke and unhappy. When he runs into his former dancing partner Anita Dixon (Goddard) she explains how she quickly obtained US citizenship by marrying an American, who she then, just as quickly, divorced. Georges resolves on the same plan. He soon targets visiting school teacher Miss Emmy Brown (de Havilland), who is in Mexico on a day trip with her class of about fifteen young boys. Georges manages to extend the time necessary to repair her broken down automobile. Emmy and her pupils sleep in the lobby of the full-up Esperanza Hotel. This provides Georges the opportunity to quickly and intensively woo Emmy in the early morning hours; she awakens to him sitting nearby and gazing at her lovingly. By claiming she is the exact image of the lost love of his life, his seemingly intense ardor toward a stranger is plausible, and they marry later that same day. However, George must wait some weeks before entering the US, and Emmy returns home with the boys. A few days later, Emmy unexpectedly returns, complicating Georges' plans. Immigration inspector Hammock (Abel) also appears, hunting for con artists such as Georges, and necessitating Georges' and an unwitting Emmy's departure. He drives all night, arriving at dawn in a small village. They participate in a festival of traditional blessings for newlyweds, an event that Emmy assumes has been Georges' destination all along. Georges had not planned on consummating marriage, believing that he could return her to her small town essentially unchanged by the marriage, and fakes a shoulder injury. However, as the trip continues, he is surprised and increasingly enchanted by Emmy. When they stop at the seaside, Emmy bathes in the cool green water and Georges is unable to resist making love to her. However this jeopardizes Anita's plan for she and Georges to meet in New York and work together, to which he had agreed. Anita has long been in love with Georges, and on their return, brutally informs Emmy of the entire scheme reciting the inscription on Emmy's wedding ring, which Georges' said was his mother's. Hammock then asks Emmy to verify the legitimacy of her marriage; she does not turn him in, partially blaming her own naiveté, but nevertheless leaves him. Returning to the US, she drives distractedly, in anguish at Georges' betrayal. When a black lace veil Georges had bought her is blown into her face, she is seriously injured in a car accident. When Georges learns of this, he immediately crosses the border, jeopardizing his visa to go to her. On hearing his voice she awakens; seeing him, her misery relieved and her breathing and heartbeat normalize as he sits with her for hours. However, Hammock is still on his tail, and when Georges sees police arriving, he takes off. He heads to Paramount to try to sell his story to director Dwight Saxon (Mitchell Leisen), in order to get the money for Emmy's care. Hammock catches up with him and returns him to Mexico. Some weeks later Hammock returns to the border town. Anita has a new sugar daddy. Georges has unsurprisingly not heard from Emmy, and believes the worst, sitting dejectedly on a bench writing notes in the sand. Hammock joins him, and tells Georges that he didn't report the illegal entry – Georges' visa has been approved. Georges looks up to see Emmy, in a beautiful hat, happily waving to him in the sun from across the border. He crosses, and they depart.
Swarg Narak	Bollywood	drama	Dasari Narayana Rao	This is the story of three couples. The first couple is that of Tripathi (Sanjeev Kumar), who always takes advantage of other's mistakes and position and earn money and his wife Mary. The second one is that of Geeta (Shabana Azmi) and Romeo Vinod (Vinod Mehra), while the jealous and possessive Shobha (Moushumi Chatterjee) and Vicky Kapoor (Jeetendra) form the third one. The first couple is a happily married one. The second couple stays with Vinod's mother (Kamini Kaushal). Vinod spends a lot of time with Leena (Prema Narayan) and attending late night parties while Geeta patiently awaits her husband every night. Once Shobha happens to see Vicky with Radha (Tanuja), she assumes they are having an affair and pesters Vicky about it. When Vicky denies it, she leaves him. On the other hand, Vinod decides to leave the house, but destiny plays its role. He meets with an accident and during his recovery period, Shabana proves how important she is for him. He repents and completely changes into a new soft-spoken and good man. On the other hand, Shobha spoils her own house to such a stage that Vicky is compelled to leave his house after Radha's tragic death. At this juncture, Tripathi steps in to mend the couple. Some of the events that follow are hilarious sequences. Whether Tripathi is successful in mending these couples forms the rest of the story.
Genevieve	British	comedy	Henry Cornelius	Two veteran cars and their crews participating in the annual London to Brighton Veteran Car Run. Alan McKim (John Gregson), a young barrister, and his wife, Wendy (Dinah Sheridan), drive Genevieve, a 1904 Darracq. Their friend Ambrose Claverhouse (Kenneth More), a brash advertising salesman, his latest girlfriend, fashion model Rosalind Peters (Kay Kendall) and her pet St. Bernard ride in a 1905 Spyker. The journey to Brighton goes well for Claverhouse, but the McKims' trip is complicated by several breakdowns, and they arrive very late. As Alan cancelled their accommodation in their usual plush hotel during a fit of pique, they are forced to spend the night in a dingy run-down hotel (with a cameo performance by Joyce Grenfell as the proprietress) leaving Wendy feeling less than pleased. They finally join Ambrose and Rosalind for after-dinner drinks, but Rosalind gets very drunk, and insists on playing the trumpet with the house band. To the surprise of all, she performs a hot jazz solo before falling fast asleep moments later, to Wendy's great amusement. (Kendall mimes the performance of Genevieve to a rendition by jazz trumpeter Kenny Baker.) Alan and Wendy have an argument over Ambrose's supposed romantic attentions to her, and Alan goes off to the garage to sulk. Whilst working on his car in the middle of the night, Ambrose turns up. Angry words are exchanged and Alan impulsively bets Ambrose £100 that he can beat Ambrose back to London, despite racing not being allowed by the club. Ambrose accepts the bet—First over Westminster Bridge. The following morning, despite Rosalind's massive hangover and Wendy's determined disapproval of the whole business, the two crews race back to London. Each driver is determined that his car is the better, come what may, and they both resort to various forms of cheating. Ambrose sabotages Alan's engine, and Alan causes Ambrose to be stopped by the police. Finally, on the outskirts of London (West Drayton), both cars are stopped by traffic police and the four contestants are publicly warned after Alan and Ambrose come to blows. At Wendy's insistence, they decide to call off the bet and have a party instead. But whilst waiting for the Ye olde Greene Manne public house in Rickmansworth to open, words are exchanged and the bet is on again. The two cars race neck-and-neck through the southern suburbs of London. But with only a few yards to go, Genevieve breaks down. As Ambrose's car is about to overtake it, its tyres become stuck in tramlines (London's tram network had closed in 1952 but many of the tracks were still in evidence when the film was made the following year) and it drives off in another direction. The brakes on Genevieve fail and the car rolls a few yards onto Westminster Bridge, thus winning the bet.
The Redhead and the Cowboy	American	western	Leslie Fenton	Gil Kyle finds himself caught up in the politics and unrest of the American Civil War and soon gets framed for a murder. His only alibi is Candace Bronson, who is aiding the Confederate cause and has left the territory to deliver a vital message about a Yankee gold shipment. So he sets off in pursuit, running into desperados, government agents, and guerrilla fighters, who are more interested in profit than ideals.
Shadows in the Storm	American	drama	Terrell Tannen	Thelonious Pitt (Ned Beatty), a daydreaming businessman, goes to the Redwood Forests of California. There, he meets a beautiful woman, Melanie (Mia Sara). She looks like the woman he has been seeing in his dreams. At the river late at night, when Melanie's husband finds them, he attacks Thelonious until Melanie pulls out a pistol and fires three shots at her husband. His body goes into the river. That is when the nightmare begins.[1][2]
Me and Marlborough	British	comedy	Victor Saville	England, 1710. A woman disguises herself as a man and joins up with the Duke of Marlborough's army in Flanders to find her missing husband.[2][3]
Oru Muthassi Gadha	Malayalam	comedy	Jude Anthany Joseph	It narrates the story of a wealthy grandmother, Susamma who helps to change her daughter Jeena's Mother in law Leelamma's repressed behavior by fulfilling her bucket list. Later they together start a make a wish group for elderly and abandoned people. Sibi (Suraj Venjaramoodu) lives, with his wife Jeena (Lena), daughter Alice (Aparna Balamurali), son Alan (Nohad Shajahan) and his aged Mother, Leelamma (Rajini Chandy), in Kochi. Leelamma, is ill-tempered and meddles with everyone and harasses activities of hired helps. Due to her harassment, nobody agrees to work for them until Babu, a Bengali worker agrees to work for them. Leelamma surprisingly gets along well with Babu and the family gets some respite for a while. On his Boss's (Vijayaraghavan) suggestion he decides to go for a family trip. However, on the day before the trip Leelamma due to an altercation with Sibi, backs out of the trip. Sibi and his family decide to continue with the planned trip and call up Sibi's Mother-in-law, Susamma (Bhagyalakshmi) to keep her company. Susamma is sociable and modern in outlook, she is well versed with technology and open to new age fun. After some initial well-meaning tiffs Leelamma and Susamma bond with each other. The two along with Babu decide to celebrate Leelamma's birthday and complete her bucket wish list. On one night after a celebratory round of drinks, Leelamma starts narrating her love story from her college days involving her then classmate Zachariah (Vineeth Sreenivasan). She, however, passes out before she can finish her story. The next day, she wakes up to an eager Susamma waiting for the ending. Leelamma continues to say she broke-up with him and regrets that she could not meet him. Susamma finds all this pent up anger in Leelama is due to this absence of closure in her early life and decides to find Zachariah. They initially planned on going with Babu but the next day, they realize he had left the place without informing them. Not knowing what to do, as Susamma could not drive to far places, they had asked the help of Alice (Aparna Balamurali), their granddaughter whose boyfriend, Milind, tagged along as someone might harass Alice. Together with Leelamma, Alice and Milind (Rajeev Pillai) Susamma visits Zachariah's native place Kurathikad. They unexpectedly find Babu there with their neighbor's daughter and finds out he isn't a Bengali but acted as such to stay in touch with his lover. Along with some help from Babu, Leelamma's old classmate Kurup and his grandson, Briley (Jude Anthany Joseph), they locate the now aged Zachariah (Sreenivasan). However, upon meeting with Zachariah, Leelamma slaps him and leaves from there immediately. On the way back to an angered Susamma, Leelamma reveals that, she had purposefully misled Susamma with the ending of her love-story in order to slap Zachariah who had left Leelamma to fly to the USA on a scholarship after jilting her through a letter and that now she feels relieved. Leelamma and Susamma, later go to an old age home and reveals their plan to institute a program called 'Oru Muthassi Gadha' whereby every month they help complete one wish off one inmate which they never had a chance to fulfill in their youth. The pair then proceeds with Babu to Airport to fly America and complete remaining items on Leelamma's bucket-list.
G.I. Jane	American	action	Ridley Scott	A Senate Armed Services Committee interviews a candidate for the position of Secretary of the Navy. Senator Lillian DeHaven (Anne Bancroft) from Texas criticizes the Navy for not being gender-neutral. Behind the curtains, a deal is struck: If women compare favorably with men in a series of test cases, the military will integrate women fully into all occupations of the Navy. The first test is the training course of the (fictional) U.S. Navy Combined Reconnaissance Team (similar to U.S. Navy SEAL BUD/S). Senator DeHaven hand-picks topographical analyst Lieutenant Jordan O'Neil (Demi Moore), because she is physically more feminine than the other candidates. To make the grade, O'Neil must survive a grueling selection program in which almost 60 percent of all candidates wash out, most before the fourth week, with the third week being particularly intensive (hell week). The enigmatic Command Master Chief John James Urgayle (Viggo Mortensen) runs the brutal training program that involves 20-hour days of tasks designed to wear down recruits' physical and mental strength, including pushing giant ship fenders up beach dunes, working through obstacle courses, and hauling landing rafts. Given a 30-second time allowance in an obstacle course, O'Neil demands to be held to the same standards as the male trainees. Eight weeks into the program, during SERE training, the Master Chief ties her to a chair with her hands behind her back, grabs hold of her and slams her through the door, then picking her up off the floor he repeatedly dunks her head in ice cold water in front of the other crew members. O'Neil fights back, and is successful in causing him some injury despite her immobilized arms. In so doing, she acquires respect from him, as well as from the other trainees. Navy leaders, confident that a woman would quickly drop out, become concerned. Civilian media learn of O'Neil's involvement, and she becomes a sensation known as G.I. Jane. Soon she must contend with trumped up charges that she is a lesbian, and is fraternizing with women. O'Neil is told that she will be given a desk job during the investigation and, if cleared, will need to repeat her training. She decides to ring out (ringing a bell three times, signaling her voluntary withdrawal from the program) rather than accept a desk job. It is later revealed that the photo evidence of O'Neil's alleged fraternization came from Senator DeHaven's office. DeHaven never intended for O'Neil to succeed; she used O'Neil as a bargaining chip to prevent military base closings in her home state (Texas). O'Neil threatens to expose DeHaven, who then has the charges voided and O'Neil restored to the program. The final phase of training, an operational readiness exercise, is interrupted by an emergency that requires the CRT trainees' support. The situation involves a reconnaissance satellite powered by weapons-grade plutonium that fell into the Libyan desert. A team of U.S. Army Rangers is dispatched to retrieve the plutonium, but their evacuation plan fails, and the trainees are sent to assist the Rangers. The Master Chief's shooting of a Libyan soldier to protect O'Neil leads to a confrontation with a Libyan patrol. During the mission, O'Neil, using her experience as a topographical analyst, realizes when she sees the team's map that the Master Chief is not going to use the route the others believe he will in regrouping with the others. She also displays a definitive ability in leadership and strategy while rescuing the injured Master Chief, whom she and McCool pull out of an explosives-laden kill zone. With helicopter gunships delivering the final assault to the defenders, the rescue mission on the Libyan coast is a success. Upon their return, all those who participated in the mission are accepted to the CRT. Urgayle gives O'Neil his Navy Cross and a book of poetry containing a short poem, Self-pity, by D. H. Lawrence, as acknowledgment of her accomplishment and in gratitude for rescuing him.
Commando	American	action	Mark L. Lester	Retired United States Special Forces Colonel John Matrix is informed by his former superior Major General Franklin Kirby that all the other members of his former unit have been killed by unknown mercenaries. The mercenaries, among them Bennett, an Australian ex-member of Matrix's team fired for excessive violence, attack Matrix's secluded mountain home and kidnap Matrix's young daughter Jenny. While trying to intercept them, Matrix is also overpowered and abducted by the mercenaries. He is taken before their leader, Arius, a South American former dictator who blackmails Matrix into carrying out a political assassination in his home country of Val Verde, where Arius wishes to lead a military coup. Matrix previously led a United States-backed revolution that deposed Arius, who has chosen Matrix because the new US-puppet president trusts him implicitly. With Jenny's life on the line, Matrix reluctantly accepts the demand. After boarding a plane to Val Verde, Matrix manages to kill his guard, Henriques, and jumps from the plane just as it is taking off. With approximately 11 hours, he sets out after another of Arius' men, Sully. He enlists the aid of an off-duty flight attendant, Cindy, and instructs her to follow Sully to a shopping mall. Cindy first assumes that Matrix is a maniac, but after she sees Sully pull a gun on Matrix in the ensuing fight, she has a change of heart and henceforth assists him in his endeavor. After a lengthy car chase, Matrix catches up with Sully and drops him off a cliff to his death. Taking a motel key from Sully's jacket, Matrix tracks down and confronts Cooke, a former Green Beret in Arius' employ. He kills Cooke after a lengthy fight and learns where Jenny is being held after searching Cooke's car. Matrix breaks into a surplus store to equip himself with military weaponry, but is immediately arrested by the police. Cindy helps him escape with a rocket launcher and, after commandeering a seaplane from a nearby marina controlled by Arius, Matrix and Cindy land the plane off the coast of Arius' island hideout. Matrix instructs Cindy to contact General Kirby and then proceeds to Arius' villa, killing the leader as well as his men on the way. Jenny escapes her confinement to the villa's basement, but is captured by Bennett. Matrix tracks them and kills Bennett with a steam pipe impalement. Kirby arrives with a military detachment and asks Matrix to rejoin the Special Forces Unit, but Matrix declines and departs the island aboard the seaplane with Jenny and Cindy.
Stork	Australian	comedy	Tim Burstall	Stork is a 6-foot 7 hypochondriac who dreams of revolution and works at General Motors Holden. He is sacked from his job after doing a strip tease at work and goes to live in a share house in Carlton with his friend Westy and two trendy young men, Tony and Clyde, who share the same girlfriend, Anna. Stork loses his virginity to Anna and falls in love with her. Anna falls pregnant and Clyde decides to marry her. Stork interrupts the wedding.
Bombay to Goa	Bollywood	drama	S. Ramanathan	The lives of Atmaram (Nazir Hussain) and his wife (Dulari) are turned upside down when they see their daughter, Mala's (Aruna Irani) pictures in a magazine. They arrange for Mala's marriage with the son of Ramlal (Agha). Mala is opposed to marrying anyone who she has not met, and is at the same time thrilled that the two persons she trusted, one Verma (Shatrughan Sinha), and the other Sharma (Manmohan) had actually submitted her pictures to a magazine, and were now willing to sign her up for a Bollywood movie. Mala is not able to understand her parents' opposition on her way to fame, and runs away from home with a lot of money and hands this money to Sharma and Verma. Greed overtakes Sharma and Verma, leading to the death of Sharma. Mala, who witnessed Verma kill Sharma, now is on the run for her life. She boards a bus from Bombay which bound for Goa. Verma soon overtakes her, and has one of his armed men on the bus to kill her. And then arrives Mala's admirer Ravikumar (Amitabh Bachchan), who not only protects Mala, but also accompanies her throughout the journey. Mala starts to trust and subsequently fall in love with Ravikumar. The bus journey is adventurous with the passengers, a totally mixed bunch, from all over India, different religions, cultures, and faiths, all thrown together for this journey. The bus is in the control of driver Rajesh (Anwar Ali), and conductor, Khanna (Mehmood).
Dracula vs. Frankenstein	American	horror	Al Adamson	Wheelchair-bound mad scientist Dr. Durea (J. Carrol Naish), the last descendant of the original Dr. Frankenstein, takes to murdering young girls for experimentation in hopes of perfecting a serum of his own creation with help from his mute assistant Groton (Lon Chaney, Jr.). Count Dracula (played by Roger Engel under the pseudonym Zandor Vorkov) comes to the scientist, promising to help him revive Frankenstein's monster (which he has exhumed from its secret grave in Oakmoor Cemetery) in return for Durea's serum which he hopes will grant him immunity to sunlight. As a cover, the duo work out of the Creature Emporium, a throwback to the old side show days located on the boardwalk amusement park in Venice, California. They bring the Monster (John Bloom) back to life and send him out to exact revenge on the man who discredited and crippled Durea, Dr. Beaumont (Forrest J. Ackerman). Las Vegas showgirl Judith Fontaine has also arrived, looking for her missing sister Joanie who was last seen hanging out with a group of hippies led by Strange (Greydon Clark). Judith has gotten no satisfaction from Sgt. Martin (Jim Davis). She says she is going to investigate on her own and does so, attracting the attention of biker Rico (Russ Tamblyn) and his gang. Rico slips her some LSD at a dive bar and Judith, while on a trip, is taken by Strange and his girlfriend Samantha (Anne Morrell) to the home of aging hippie Mike Howard (Anthony Eisley) who agrees to help her find Joanie. Judith, Mike, Samantha and Strange go to the Creature Emporium and show Durea a picture of Joanie, but he says he has never seen her. More girls turn up missing, the Monster kills a couple of police officers and Groton takes to the beach with an ax and kills Rico and his gang who were attacking Samantha, then Groton takes her inside the Creature Emporium. Judith and Mike go to the Emporium and confront Durea who explains that the girls (including Joanie) were frightened before their deaths and this created an enzyme in their blood which is the main ingredient for his serum. He also tells Judith that, after he has Mike (with whom she has fallen in love and he with her) killed, her fear will help him complete the serum at last. Durea sends Groton and the dwarf Grazbo (Angelo Rossitto), the ticket taker at the Creature Emporium, after them (Durea's original reason for creating the serum in the first place was to heal his damaged legs and to make Groton and Grazbo into normal people). Grazbo falls through a trap door in the laboratory which leads to the beach below the Emporium and onto an ax he had dropped, which kills him, and Groton goes after Judith. Sgt. Martin and Strange arrive with the police and Martin shoots Groton from the rooftop of the building from which he falls to his death, while Durea falls from his wheelchair into a guillotine in the Emporium while attempting to escape and is beheaded in it. Dracula confronts Mike, who sticks a lit car flare in the Monster's face, forcing him to briefly turn on Dracula in his pain. As Mike is running away with Judith, Dracula blasts him with fire shot from his demon-headed ring, burning him to ashes. Judith faints and awakens to find herself tied up in an abandoned church outside of Venice where Dracula's coffin is located. Dracula is about to make her his vampire bride, but the Monster (who has fallen for her beauty) wants none of it and forces Dracula out of the church and into the woods (but not before removing Dracula's ring from his finger), where a fierce battle ensues between the two monsters. Dracula literally rips off the Monster's arms and head, but gets caught in the rays of the sun before he can make it back to his coffin and crumbles to dust. Judith manages to free herself and picks up Dracula's ring, but drops it and leaves in fear.
Wheel of Fate	British	drama	Francis Searle	Two brothers working in their father's repair garage: quiet sensible Johnny (Patric Doonan) and the younger and wilder Ted (Bryan Forbes) fall out when Ted brings home Lucky (Sandra Dorne), a beautiful dance hall singer. The brothers feud when she unexpectedly falls for Johnny, and crime and mayhem ensue.
Deadly Friend	American	horror	Wes Craven	Teenage science genius Paul Conway (Matthew Laborteaux) and his single mother Jeannie (Anne Twomey) move into their new house in the town of Welling. He soon becomes friends with newspaper delivery boy Tom Toomey (Michael Sharrett). Living next door to Paul is the beautiful Samantha Pringle (Kristy Swanson) and her abusive, alcoholic father Harry (Richard Marcus). Paul built a robot named BB (Charles Fleischer), which occasionally displays autonomous behavior, such as being protective of Paul. Paul, Jeannie, and BB meet Paul's professor, Dr. Johanson (Russ Marin), at Polytech, a prestigious university Paul has a scholarship at. Dr. Johanson gives them a tour of the new laboratory Paul will have access to. While Tom helps Paul teach BB how to deliver newspapers, they stop at the house of reclusive harridan Elvira Parker (Anne Ramsey), who threatens the boys with a double-barreled shotgun and expresses instant dislike for BB. Walking away, the three encounter a motorcycle gang led by bully Carl (Andrew Roperto). When Carl intimidates Paul by pushing him into garbage, BB assaults him by grabbing his crotch and squeezing his testicles. The gang rides away with Carl vowing revenge. Paul, Samantha, Tom, and BB begin to develop a close friendship, much to Harry's annoyance. One day, while playing basketball, BB accidentally tosses the ball onto Elvira's porch. She stomps out of her house and takes the ball, refusing to give it back, with BB taking note of Elvira's hostile attitude. On Halloween night, Samantha comes over with a bloody nose (presumably from her father's abuse) and asks for ice. Samantha goes out with Paul, Tom, and BB. Tom decides to pull a prank on Elvira. BB unlocks her gate and Samantha rings her doorbell. When alarms go off, they hide in a shrubbery nearby. When Elvira sees BB standing near her porch, she shoots him with her shotgun without hesitation, destroying him. Paul is devastated by the loss of his robotic friend. On Thanksgiving Day, Samantha joins Paul and Jeannie for dinner. Afterwards, Paul and Samantha share their first kiss. Samantha returns home late at night, outraging her father. He punches her and pushes her down the stairs. At Polytech's hospital, Paul learns that Samantha is now brain-dead and will also be on life support for 24 hours, after which the plug will be pulled. As BB's microchip can interface with the human brain, Paul decides to use it to revive Samantha. The boys enter the hospital using the key taken from Tom's father, who works as a security guard there. After Tom deactivates the power from the basement, Paul takes Samantha to his lab. He inserts the microchip into Samantha's brain and takes her back to his house, hiding her in the shed. After he activates the microchip, Samantha wakes up, but her mannerisms are completely mechanical, suggesting BB is in control of her body. The police arrive at Samantha's home and inform Harry that her body has disappeared. In the middle of the night, Paul finds Samantha staring at the window, looking at her father, and he deactivates the microchip. The next morning, Paul awakens and finds Samantha gone. He searches for her in the street to no avail. Samantha goes back to her house and down the cellar. When Harry finds the cellar door open and goes downstairs, she attacks him, breaks his wrist and snaps his neck. Paul finds Samantha and Harry's corpse in the cellar. Horrified, he hides the body, takes Samantha back to his home and locks her in his bedroom. At night, Samantha breaks into Elvira's house and attacks her by throwing her to the wall of her living room. As Elvira screams in horror, Samantha kills her by throwing the basketball she stole from Tom at her head with extreme strength, causing it to explode. Elvira's headless corpse then staggers around the living room until it collapses. When Tom learns of Samantha's rampage, he and Paul get into a fight. Tom threatens to call the police and end this once and for all. Still being protective of Paul, Samantha jumps out the attic window and attacks Tom, with Paul and Jeannie intervening. Trying to get her under control, Paul slaps Samantha, which results in her trying to strangle him. Samantha, quickly coming to her senses, then lets him go and runs away. As Paul goes after her, he again encounters Carl, who gets into a fight with him. Samantha goes back for Paul, grabs Carl and throws him at an incoming police car, killing him on impact. She runs back to Paul's shed, where Paul comforts her and realizes she's regaining some of her humanity. However, the police arrive with their weapons pointed at Samantha, who yells out Paul's name in her human voice. She runs towards him, trying to protect him, with Sergeant Volchek (Lee Paul) thinking she's trying to attack him and shooting her. She says Paul's name one more time before dying in his arms. Later at the morgue, Paul tries to steal Samantha's body once more, not having learned his lesson. Suddenly, Samantha grabs Paul's neck and her face rips apart, revealing a terrifying variant of BB's head. Her skin strips away, revealing half-robotic bones underneath. With a robotic voice, Samantha tells him to come with her. When Paul screaming refuses, she snaps his neck off-screen, killing him.
The Dragon from Russia	Hong Kong	crime	Clarence Fok Yiu-leung	Yao Lung and May Yip are orphans who live in Russia with their adoptive family. Through the years, the two fall in love and promise that they will be together forever. One fateful day, Yao witnesses a murder being committed by a mysterious assassin. Shortly after this, he is captured and brainwashed by a mysterious cult of assassins call themselves 800 Dragons. After losing his memory of his past, he is forced to take very strict martial art training to become the perfect assassin for the 800 Dragons. During one of his missions, Yao is seen by May, his past lover who is still looking for him. The code of the 800 Dragons is that anyone who sees an assassin during their mission needs to be killed. But Yao begin to remember his past when May talks to him about their past relationship. Yao decides to follow his heart instead of the strict code of the assassin by not killing May. Now Yao and May must hide for their life. Knowing that Yao fails to follow the order, the 800 Dragons are now trying to kill both of them.[1]
Timerider: The Adventure of Lyle Swann	American	sci-fi	William Dear	Lyle Swann is a well-known dirt bike motorcycle racer who is in the desert competing in the Baja 1000, a multiclass vehicle cross-country race. Swann has a reputation for being a great rider but is plagued by technical problems from the high-tech gadgetry he incorporates into his C and J framed XT500 Yamaha. When Swann accidentally goes far off course, he stumbles across a time travel experiment that utilizes maser velocity acceleration to send objects (in this case, a simian subject by the name of Esther G.) back in time. Swann rides through the field and gets sent back to November 5, 1877. The scientists in charge of the experiment soon realize what has happened, but Swann rides off, unaware of what has happened to him, before he can be returned to the present. While taking a swim break in a local pond, he runs into a gang of outlaws led by Porter Reese, who becomes obsessed with stealing Swann's motorcycle, and the outlaws pursue Swann into the small village of San Marcos, but his red suit and dirtbike scare the local Mexicans, who think he is the Devil or 'El Diablo' (Spanish for 'The Devil'). There, he meets a beautiful woman, Claire Cygne, who gives him a safe place to hide, and who severely wounds one of Reese's men Carl Dorsett. The village priest compels them to withdraw, but Reese continues to plot the capture of Swann's dirtbike. In the village, Swann is seduced by Claire and sleeps with her, but she is later kidnapped by Reese's henchman Claude Dorsett as revenge for her shooting and wounding his brother Carl. They also manage to capture the dirtbike, leading to a series of hijinks, while Swann gets help from a posse of two U.S. Marshals, Ben Potter and Daniels, who are trying to capture or kill the gang. Potter has a personal vengeance against Reese, for Reese killed Potter's son two years previously. Swann manages to retrieve his dirtbike and rescue Claire. Potter is killed by Reese in an ambush, and Daniels is mortally wounded and dies later. In a final showdown, Reese's band of outlaws faces Swann, the last survivor of the posse, and Claire atop a plateau. When a helicopter shows up (sent by the builders of the time travel experiment to take Swann home), Reese's men run away in fear, but Reese stays behind and fires at the helicopter, killing or wounding one of the pilots. The helicopter begins spinning wildly as the co-pilot tries to maintain control, knocking the dirtbike off the side of the plateau. Reese is killed by the helicopter's tail rotor. The helicopter manages to land on the plateau and extract Swann. Just as the helicopter pulls away, Claire snatches a pendant from Swann's neck that was handed down from his great-great-grandmother, who had stolen it from his great-great grandfather as a reminder of one incredible night they had together. Swann realizes that he is his own great-great-grandfather.
Sleepover	American	comedy	Joe Nussbaum	On the last day of 8th grade before their freshman year in high school, Julie Corky (Alexa Vega) has a slumber party with 3 best friends, Hannah Carlson (Mika Boorem), Farrah James (Scout Taylor-Compton), and Yancy Williams (Kallie Flynn Childress). As a quartet, they end up having the adventure of their lives. A group of popular girls, led by a former friend of Julie's, Staci Blake (Sara Paxton), challenge the girls to a scavenger hunt. The prize will be a coveted lunchtime seat near the fountain in high school. The losers will have to sit at tables near the school's dumpsters. The list includes things like a picture of the girls with a date inside an exclusive night club, the insignia from a local private security firm, and a pair of boxers from Steve Philips, (Julie's crush), and to dress an Old Navy mannequin with their own clothing. The girls sneak out of Julie's house, and use Yancy's father's Hypermini to travel to various locations and get the required objects. Along the way they dodge a Patroltec security guard (Steve Carell) and try to keep Julie's parents (Jane Lynch and Jeff Garlin) from discovering that they are gone. During their scavenger hunt, Steve Philips sees Julie skateboarding in a dress and is impressed. Later the girls meet up at the school dance, but both have acquired all the items on the list. Stacie suggests a tie breaker, where the group which is able to get the crown from the homecoming king or queen will win. Staci catches her boyfriend, Todd, dancing with another girl who claims that she has been Todd's girlfriend for six months. After the two break up, Staci shares a dance with a scruffy skater friend of Julie's. Yancy shares a dance with a boy who moved speakers for a summer job and who she met earlier in the night. Steve ends up named homecoming king and picks Julie as his partner for a victory dance, giving her the crown and ensuring victory for her friends. After the dance, Julie and Steve are about to kiss when they get a call from Julie's brother that their mother is headed home. The girls race home and pretend to be sleeping just as Julie's parents check on them. The next morning at breakfast, Julie's mom confronts her asking exactly what they did last night, showing Julie the scarf she had dropped in the Cosmo club. Surprisingly, she is not mad but confesses it is difficult to believe how fast Julie is growing up. Then Julie says goodbye to her friends and finds Steve waiting inside her tree fort, where the two begin kissing passionately. The film ends with a scene of Staci and her friends, now in high school, eating their lunch by the school dumpsters among the trash and the social rejects.
Veera Sivaji	Tamil	action	Ganesh Vinayak	Shivaji, a taxi driver, has to arrange money for his niece's surgery. Things go awry when he gets entangled in a web of deceit.
Scooby-Doo and the Reluctant Werewolf	American	animation	Unknown	Every year, all of the classic Hollywood monsters (consisting of Frankenstein's monster, his wife Repulsa, a Mummy, the Witch Sisters, Bone Jangles the Skeleton, Dr. Jekyll/Mr. Snyde, Swamp Thing, and Dragonfly) gather at Count Dracula's castle in Transylvania for the Monster Road Rally, an ultimate road race similar to Wacky Races, awarding the winner with the Monster of the Year award as well as many other prizes only monsters would enjoy (and one prize — a trip to Hawaii — that none of the monsters want). This year, however, Dracula receives a postcard from the Wolfman stating that he has retired to Florida and will not be participating. Lacking one of the most well known monsters, Dracula fears they will have to cancel the race. Luckily, Dracula's minion Wolfgang notifies him there is another option, namely, to create a new werewolf. After searching an old book for information, it is revealed that every five centuries, the full moon comes into a perfect position to transform a human into a werewolf, on three nights in a row that begin the following night. The one next in line to become the next werewolf is revealed to be is none other than Shaggy Rogers, who recently demonstrated his skills on the racetrack by winning a funny car race with the help of his pet dogs that serve as his pit crew, a talking Great Dane named Scooby-Doo, and Scooby's young nephew Scrappy. Dracula sends his hunchbacked henchmen (the mush-mouthed, incomprehensible Crunch and the well-articulated British Brunch, together known as The Hunch Bunch) to America to transform Shaggy into a werewolf, and bring him back to his castle. On the first night, they attempt to cut a hole in the roof above Shaggy's bedroom to let the moon shine on him. However, Scooby learns of their plan and rescues Shaggy just in time before his transformation could begin, but fails to convince Shaggy and Scrappy of the Hunch Bunch's presence. The second night, they go after Shaggy while at a supermarket, but they again miss their window thanks to Scooby. On the final night, while the trio is at a drive-in movie, along with Shaggy's girlfriend Googie, the Hunch Bunch manage to expose Shaggy to moonlight by dropping the sunroof of his customized race car with a push of its button, causing Shaggy to be finally transformed into a werewolf. However, a snafu enters the Hunch Bunch's scheme when they learn that Shaggy has the hiccups, and changes between human and werewolf with each hiccup. Not noticing him as a werewolf, Googie sends Shaggy to the snack bar for something to cure his hiccups, and he attracts horror from the other movie watchers along the way. Scooby, hearing them speaking of a werewolf loose in the theater, hides in a nearby car. The Hunch Bunch attempts to grab Shaggy, who flees from them, and is then chased by the crowd when they see him as a werewolf. Upon meeting Scooby and seeing his reflection, Shaggy flees the drive-in with his car, Scooby, Scrappy, and Googie in tow, escaping his pursuers with the car's customization. The Hunch Bunch then knocks the group out with moon dust from their bat-copter and fly back to Transylvania, towing the car. Upon reviving the group and quashing their hopes that the current situation is a nightmare, Dracula informs Shaggy that he was turned into a werewolf in order to fill the missing slot in his monster road rally. Shaggy, having no desire to be a werewolf, is displeased with his current situation, and refuses. Dracula tries all manner of coercion: speaking of the pre-race party and all its rewards, showing the awards for the race, imprisonment in one of the guest bedrooms, and even trapping him in a room with a needle wall. Ultimately, however, Shaggy still refuses, forcing Dracula to strike a bargain with him: if he agrees to drive in the race, and wins, Dracula will change him back to a human, and allow him and his friends to leave. Shaggy accepts the bargain, but unbeknownst to him and the gang, Dracula secretly crosses his own fangs while reversing the needle wall, meaning the evil count will continue to expand his devious scheme to keep Shaggy as a werewolf forever. The gang are given good lodgings and treated like guests in the castle, allowed all the food they wish for breakfast (though the food in question is flavored with scream beans, much to their displeasure). Dracula then shows them the trail that Shaggy will have to follow for the race, and consents to allowing them to navigate the track in their own race car, with the Werewolf Wagon currently undergoing maintenance for Shaggy. Dracula attempts several rotten tricks on the track out of sadistic pleasure, but regardless, Shaggy completes the course expertly, creating anxiety for the vampire that he may lose his werewolf. He subsequently changes the racetrack, sabotages the Werewolf Wagon, and has the Hunch Bunch deprive him of sleep but to no avail. Shaggy is still asleep the following morning. Googie's help revitalizes Shaggy, and upon beginning the race with Scooby in the passenger seat, he has little difficulty repairing the Wagon. The Hunch Bunch, a couple of the racers, and Dracula himself try their best to sabotage him, but thanks to Googie and Scrappy, who follow along in their own car as their pit crew, they end up doing more harm to themselves than him. At one point, the Hunch Bunch tries to dispose of the duo, forcing Shaggy to save them, but even this only serves as a minor inconvenience, and Shaggy keeps first place for most of the race. Finally, losing his temper, Dracula unleashes his trump card, a massive beast named Genghis Kong who manages to halt their progress. As the other racers near the finish line, however, Googie and Scrappy come up once more and rescue Shaggy and Scooby, then both pairs work together to make the monster fall down on the other cars, leaving an easy path to victory for Shaggy. Furious to see all of his dirty tricks failed, Dracula refuses to revert the spell, stating that there is no way to turn Shaggy back. However, after Dracula's dimwitted wife Vanna Pira unwittingly reveals that the solution of how to turn a werewolf back into a human is in Dracula's spell book, the gang steals the book and make their getaway. Dracula chases after them in his weaponized car, and then his plane after the car is destroyed due to Shaggy's cleverness. The four only barely manage to dodge Dracula's powerful gadgets, and right before Dracula gets the best of them, a thunderstorm ensues and Dracula's plane is struck by lightning, sending him plummeting into the ocean below where he is chased off by a shark. In the end, Googie uses the book to change Shaggy back to normal. That night, the gang all sit down to watch another horror movie and eating pizza, glad that their problems are over, but in the final scene, Dracula, Brunch and Crunch sneak up behind their window, and say We're baaaack!
Ishq	Telugu	romance	Vikram Kumar	The movie begins with a scene where the injured Siva (Ajay) is being rushed to the hospital. His father (Nagineedu), comes to the hospital and scolds him for his rogue behavior and disowns him and says that he will only return if Siva changes. It turns out that Siva had failed in a love affair with a girl named Divya. Three years later Rahul (Nithiin) is a very jovial and friendly guy who likes to have fun and play practical jokes. He studies in Delhi and has just finished semester exams and heads back to Hyderabad for vacation where his family lives. Meanwhile, Priya (Nithya Menen), a beautiful and lively girl, is going to Hyderabad to take her semester exams and meet her brother. Rahul sees Priya at a traffic jam on the way to the airport, but does not quite see her face. Priya sees Rahul recovering a toy for a child. She is impressed, but she does not get to see his face either. But she collects his cap after Rahul loses it while recovering the toy. At the airport, Rahul plays a prank on Priya after he recognizes her by her bracelets and tattoo he saw at the traffic jam which annoys Priya. While flying to Hyderabad he falls for her. Unexpected circumstances force their plane to land in Goa. There, Rahul apologizes for his behavior. Priya recognizes Rahul as the person who recovered the toy for the child at the traffic jam after Rahul recognizes his cap. Priya then starts being friendly with Rahul. Rahul takes Priya to his friend's marriage in Goa and promises her a wonderful time. He introduces Priya as his wife to his favorite Jaya aunty (Rohini), the wedding groom's mother. Jaya aunty treats Priya like a princess and gives her a great time. Later, Priya is saved by Rahul after a few goons try to rape her at the beach. Slowly Rahul and Priya become very close friends and develop feelings for each other. Jaya aunty finds out that Priya is not Rahul's wife as they are about to depart and tells Rahul to confess his feelings for her as soon as possible and gives him the bracelets she bought for Rahul's future wife. By the time they get to Hyderabad, they are deeply in love with each other. But as Rahul is about to confess his feelings for her at the airport, he sees Priya being received by her brother, who turns out to be Siva. The girl Siva failed in love with was none other than Rahul's older sister, Divya (Sindhu Tolani). In the flashback, Siva is madly in love with Divya but always torments her as she rejects him multiple times. After Siva finds out that Divya got engaged, he threatens her and throws away the engagement ring that was given to her by her mother-in-law-to-be who has a sentimental value towards the ring. After Rahul finds Divya searching for the ring late night, he finds out what happened. Rahul goes to Siva and beats him up severely and finds the ring, which was why he was taken to the hospital in the beginning of the movie. As a result, Siva develops hatred towards Rahul. Now Siva is a changed decent man, a successful entrepreneur, and married to Geetha (Satya Krishnan). But the couple does not have kids, which always bothers Siva. Meanwhile, Siva's mother (Sudha) convinces his father to go visit Siva to see if he has changed. Rahul finally confesses his love to Priya. But Siva finds out that Priya is in love with Rahul and beats him up. Upon arrival, Siva's father is convinced that Siva has changed and happily reunites with him. But just as Siva receives his father, an injured Rahul falls in front of them. Siva takes him to the hospital. Unaware of the situation, Siva's father asks Rahul about what happened. Rahul tells him everything but by keeping the identities anonymous. Siva's father befriends Rahul. Rahul plays a game with Siva to become close to his family and get Priya. But Siva threatens Divya to harm her and Rahul if Rahul does not leave Priya alone. Rahul tells Siva and his father that he will forget his girlfriend. Later, Siva's father asks Siva to ask Rahul if he will marry Priya. Siva realizes that Rahul was manipulating all of them and decides to get Rahul killed and hires a local goon Kala (Supreet Reddy). But he finds out that Kala's brother had attempted to rape Priya in Goa and got beaten up by Rahul. He starts beating Kala's brother and Kala beats Siva badly. Priya who was on a phone conversation with Siva calls Rahul and tells him to save Siva. Rahul goes there and beats up Kala and saves Siva. Siva realizes that Rahul's love is sincere. Siva later wakes up in the hospital and finds out that Geetha is finally pregnant. He finally agrees for Rahul to be with Priya and the movie ends on a happy note.[1]
Two Thousand Women	British	drama	Frank Launder	Rosemary Brown (Patricia Roc), an English novice nun, is mistakenly apprehended by French soldiers as a fifth columnist during the 1940 Battle of France. She is sentenced to face a firing squad, but the Germans arrive and she is sent (without her habit, which is being cleaned) to an internment camp in a grand hotel at the spa town of Marneville. She journeys there with Freda (a journalist played by Phyllis Calvert), Bridie (a stripper played by Jean Kent), Muriel (Flora Robson) and her companion Miss Meredith (Muriel Aked). At the camp, they meet Maud (Renee Houston) Mrs Burtshaw (Thora Hird) and Teresa King. While two women are assigned to each room, Bridie uses her charms to obtain one to herself. They receive a radio from an unknown source, but it is swiftly confiscated by the Germans. The women conclude that they have a stool pigeon, nicknamed Poison Ivy, amongst the dozen who knew about the radio. Nellie reports that she saw the German file on Rosemary; the charge of being a fifth columnist causes suspicion to fall on her. However, Freda and Maud do not believe it. They warn Rosemary, who reveals she is a nun. An RAF bomber is hit during a nighttime air raid. Manningford deliberately violates the blackout in order to help it crash land. Pilot Officer Jimmy Moore (James McKechnie), Sergeant Alec Harvey (Reginald Purdell) and Dave Kennedy (Robert Arden) seek refuge in the hotel. The women hide them, but have to conceal the fact from Teresa King, who is revealed to be a Nazi spy. Later, Alec recognises Rosemary as Mary Maugham, a singer whose boyfriend murdered his wife; she became a nun as a result. However, they start falling for each other, as do Dave and Bridie. When Sergeant Hentzner spots Dave, Dave manages to strangle him quietly, and his body is hidden. The women devise a plan to enable the men to escape during a concert they will put on. To ensure the Germans stay until the end, Freda persuades Bridie to perform her act last. However, when Birdie overhears what Dave thinks of her (due to her fraternisation with the Germans), she slips Teresa a note betraying all. Freda makes Dave write an apology professing his love, which she delivers to Birdie. Birdie then goes to Teresa's room and sees that she has already read the note. The two women fight. Teresa wins and alerts Frau Holweg, but one of the women knocks Holweg out. By the time she comes to and warns the commandant, it is too late. The trio escape, with the aid of Monsieur Boper, the hotel proprietor, who turns out not to be a collaborator after all. The women defiantly sing There'll Always Be an England.
Agneepath	Bollywood	action	Mukul S. Anand	Much-loved village schoolmaster Deenanath Chauhan (Alok Nath) strongly opposes the plans of Kancha Cheena, an underworld don (Danny Dengzongpa) and his band of gangsters to set up a base for heroin smuggling. After being discredited in a set-up scandal and lynched by the manipulated villagers, his family is evicted and made destitute much to Cheena's advantage. Swearing revenge after his father's murder and the attempted rape of his mother Suhasini Chavan (Rohini Hattangadi) go unpunished, and with a burning desire to clear his father's name, his son Vijay (Amitabh Bachchan) takes on the responsibilities of caring for his mother and sister Siksha (Neelam) that, by a strange twist of fate, cause him to become a gangster in his own right. Working his way up the ladder and attaining notoriety as an underworld kingpin, Vijay suffers an assassination attempt by fellow gangsters after he refuses to co-operate with their drug-smuggling operations. Left to die, he is discovered by Krishnan Iyer M.A. (Mithun Chakraborty) who transports him to hospital and saves his life, and who eventually finds employment as Siksha's bodyguard. During his time in hospital, Vijay is cared for by Nurse Mary Matthew (Madhavi). Vijay avenges his assassination attempt by killing his killers one by one, but his mother strongly disapproves of his murderous and gangster tendencies and drives him away from home after chastising him for dirtying the good name of his father. Vijay, hurt and upset, seeks solace in Mary's arms and begins a relationship with her. Siksha is then kidnapped and held in a slum by a gangster who wants to avenge the death of his associates killed by Vijay, and an unsuccessful rescue attempt by Krishnan ends up with the two of them brawling. Vijay hears of this and arrives to kill the gangster in a fit of rage. But this close encounter between Krishnan and Siksha causes a growing intimacy between the two of them and they fall in love with each other. Vijay is outraged and strongly protests against the relationship to his mother, but is rebuffed again when his mother disowns him a second time and considers Krishnan her good son. Stung and deeply hurt by this slight, he again seeks solace in Mary and later marries her and resolves to do things in the right way to gain his mother's favour. After cutting a deal with Kancha Cheena to allow him access into his old village, Vijay sets in motion a number of strategies that undercut Cheena's criminal operations and gain him the legal ownership of the village. Revenge is a dish best served cold as Vijay informs Cheena of his identity as the son of Dinanath Chavan, lands Cheena in jail and arranges for Cheena's associates to testify against him in court. Vijay returns the village to his mother and finds himself back in her favour, but Cheena ensures his release by arranging for the witnesses to be gunned down and Vijay's family to be kidnapped and held hostage. This is the last straw for Vijay who is forced to return to his criminal ways and to walk the Path of Fire in order to rescue them. An almighty struggle takes place as Cheena bombs every building and demolishes the whole village before he is killed by Vijay's bare hands. But Vijay does not survive; he dies tragically of a bullet wound in the lap of his mother at the site of his old house. His mother realises that everything Vijay had done until then had been for the ultimate purpose of restoring the good name of Dinanath Chavan, and she weeps over his body piteously along with Krishnan, Siksha and Mary.
Together	Chinese	drama	Chen Kaige	Liu Cheng (Liu Peiqi) is a widowed cook making his living in a small southern town in China. His thirteen-year-old son, Liu Xiaochun (Tang Yun), is a violin prodigy. In the hope that Xiaochun might find success as a violinist, Liu Cheng and Xiaochun travel to Beijing to participate in a competition organized by the Children's Palace, an arts institution for school children. Even though Xiaochun emerges fifth, he is denied admission into the conservatory as he does not have Beijing residency. Determined to realize his hopes for Xiaochun, Liu Cheng persuades Professor Jiang (Wang Zhiwen), a stubborn and eccentric teacher from the Children's Palace, to take Xiaochun as a private student. In the subsequent days, Xiaochun makes friends with Lili (Chen Hong), a young and attractive woman living upstairs. Lili does not have a regular job but lives off the rich men she dates. However, her heart lies with Hui (Cheng Qian), her smooth-talking, cheating boyfriend. After Lili finds out about Hui's affairs in the presence of Xiaochun, Xiaochun sells his violin to a shop, buys a fur coat that Lili fancies, and tells Hui to give it to her as a consolation. Meanwhile, Liu Cheng has learnt about a Professor Yu Shifeng (Chen Kaige), a high-profile professor from the Central Conservatory of Music. Believing that Professor Yu is able to bring Xiaochun to fame and success, Liu Cheng decides to switch teachers for Xiaochun. He pays Professor Yu a visit and confides in the latter the truth about Xiaochun's birth. It turns out that Liu Cheng has never been married. He found the infant Xiaochun abandoned in a train station, a violin placed next to the baby. Liu Cheng brought both home and raised the baby as his own. Xiaochun turned out to be a child prodigy, and Liu Cheng resolved to devote his life to cultivate his adopted son's talent. Professor Yu, apparently unmoved, nonetheless agrees to give Xiaochun an audition. However, Liu Cheng arrives at Professor Yu's home with Xiaochun only to find the violin case empty. Xiaochun, angry at his father for choosing commercial success over music, refuses to play even when offered another violin. Liu Cheng is so enraged that upon returning home, he tears up the award certificates that Xiaochun won in previous competitions. Lili, remorseful over the affair of the fur coat, looks up Professor Yu and persuades him to give Xiaochun a second chance. This time Xiaochun plays, and an impressed Professor Yu accepts him without hesitation. Professor Yu has another talented young student, Lin Yu (Zhang Jing), a highly jealous and ambitious girl. When a selection trial for an international competition is coming up, Lin Yu and Xiaochun are in a contest for the only spot. Liu Cheng decides to pack up and return home first, both to allow Xiaochun full concentration and to raise some money should Xiaochun be selected to participate in the international competition. In an effort to infuse passion and emotion into Xiaochun's playing, Professor Yu tells the boy the truth about his birth. However, this only strengthens Xiaochun's love for his father. Just before the selection trial, Xiaochun, who has been chosen to participate, relinquishes his spot to Lin Yu after she reveals to him that Professor Yu had secretly bought Xiaochun's original violin from the shop to stop Xiaochun from being distracted by thoughts of it. Xiaochun then takes the violin and runs after his father. The two finally reunite at the train station. In place of fame and success, Xiaochun chooses to be together with his father.
One Hundred and One Dalmatians	American	animation	3 directors	Songwriter Roger Radcliffe lives in a bachelor flat in London, along with his Dalmatian, Pongo. Bored with bachelor life, Pongo decides to find a wife for Roger and a mate for himself. While watching various female dog-human pairs out the window, he spots the perfect one, a woman named Anita and her female Dalmatian, Perdita. He quickly gets Roger out of the house and drags him through the park to arrange a meeting. He and Anita fall in love and get married.[5] Later, Perdita gives birth to a litter of fifteen puppies. That same night, they are visited by Cruella De Vil, a wealthy former schoolmate of Anita's. She offers to buy the entire litter, but Roger says they are not for sale. A few weeks later, she hires her henchmen, Jasper and Horace, to steal them. When Scotland Yard is unable to find them, Pongo and Perdita use the Twilight bark, a canine gossip line, to ask for help from the other dogs in London. Colonel, an old sheepdog, along with his compatriots Captain, a gray horse, and Sergeant Tibbs, a tabby cat, find the puppies in a place called Hell Hall (Cruella's abandoned and dilapidated family estate, also known as The De Vil Place), along with many other Dalmatian puppies that she had bought from various dog stores. When Tibbs learns they are going to be made into dog-skin fur coats, Colonel quickly sends word back to London. Upon receiving the message, Pongo and Perdita leave town to retrieve their puppies. Winter has come, and they have to cross the Stour River which is running fast and laden with slabs of broken ice. Meanwhile, Tibbs overhears Cruella ordering Jasper and Horace to kill the puppies that night out of fear the police will soon find them. In response, Tibbs attempts to rescue them while Jasper and Horace are preoccupied watching television, but they finish their show and come for them before he can get them out of the house. Pongo and Perdita break in and confront Jasper and Horace just as they are about to kill the puppies. While the adult dogs attack them, Colonel and Tibbs guide the puppies from the house. After a happy reunion with their own puppies, Pongo and Perdita realize there are dozens of others with them, 99 altogether including their own. Shocked at Cruella's plans, they decide to adopt all of them, certain that Roger and Anita would never reject them. They begin making their way back to London through deep snow; all open water is frozen solid. Other animals help them along the way. Cruella, Jasper, and Horace chase them. In one town, they cover themselves with soot so they appear to be labrador retrievers, then pile inside a moving van bound for London. As it is leaving, melting snow clears off the soot and Cruella sees them. In a rage, she follows the van in her car and rams it, but Jasper and Horace, who try to cut it off from above, end up crashing into her. Both vehicles are smashed to smithereens and fall into a deep ravine; and battered, bruised and stranded, Cruella and her henchmen are defeated at last. Cruella yells in frustration as the van drives away but Jasper finally gets the courage to tell her to shut up. Back in London, Roger and Anita are attempting to celebrate Christmas and his first big hit, a song about Cruella, but they miss their canine friends. Suddenly, barking is heard outside and, after their nanny opens the door, the house is filled with dogs. After wiping away the rest of the soot, they are delighted to realize their companions have returned home. After counting 84 extra puppies, they decide to use the money from the song to buy a large house in the country so they can keep all 101 Dalmatians.
Dragoon Wells Massacre	American	western	Harold D. Schuster	Wagons converge in the middle of nowhere. One is carrying Army captain Matt Riordan, the only survivor of an ambush by Chief Yellow Claw and his Apache braves. Another is a prison wagon carrying accused killer Link Ferris and a second man, known as Tioga, to town for trial, escorted by Marshal Bill Haney. A stagecoach turns up next, owned by Jonah McAdam and carrying Matt's former sweetheart, Ann Bradley, with her new beau, wealthy Philip Scott, as well as Mara Fay, an entertainer. The passengers are warned that Yellow Claw is in the area. Link and Tioga have their shackles removed so they can assist the others when the Apaches attack. Matt discovers that McAdam is smuggling weapons to the Indians illegally. At a relay station, a young girl is the only one left after the Apaches have burned it to the ground. Ann looks after her while Tioga sacrifices his life to save the child. Matt falls in love with Mara and joins forces with Link to defeat the raiders. For his help, Link is granted his freedom by Haney. As he rides away, Link is followed by Ann.
The Good Catholic	American	comedy	Paul Shoulberg	Three Catholic priests live in a rectory together. Young Father Daniel runs daily and lost his father in the past year. Father Ollie really likes food and is a big fan of Indiana University basketball. More elderly Father Victor is completely devoted to the church with little outside interests. He finds comfort in setting up the candles and the church for mass by himself in his own specific way. They eat together, set the weekly schedule for baptisms and church services and run the general work of the church. They also discuss scripture, their proposed homilies, and the meaning of God in their lives. One Friday night young Father Dan meets Jane through the confessional box. She tells him she is a musician and is dying. She is new to the church thing but over the weeks they become friends to the point of playing battleship in the confessional. Jane explains how she wants to die but changes her mind at times. Dan gives her a gift of a Bible after a night of Bingo and she is offended. She invites Dan to hear her sing at her coffee house and he goes. One night they reverse roles and she wants him to unburden himself. He tells her that he is happy to be a man of God and help people but he does not see God. They become friends. Throughout the movie each priest gives a sermon. Dan teaches that death gives meaning to life. Enjoy life now for we all die. Father Ollie teaches on compassion. We all need compassion that means to suffer with another. We need to comfort the sick and be there with the dying. Father Victor preaches that no one sees God but he lives inside each of us. God is love. You find God in the love of man. God, love, and man are one. One night Father Dan invites Jane over for dinner at the rectory. Father Ollie is enjoying the food cooked by Dan. Serious Father Victor wants to know what Father Daniel's primary passion is. A Priest has a duty to Christ and cannot be fooled by young love. Jane, offended, leaves. Victor asks Daniel if he has lost his faith; Father Daniel says no, that he never had faith until he met Jane. He has helped her not be alone. By loving her and helping her as a friend he is loving God. He now sees God.
The Sagebrush Troubadour	American	western	Joseph Kane	Texas Rangers Gene Autry (Gene Autry) and Frog Millhouse (Smiley Burnette) are traveling undercover as western troubadours in search of the killer of old, half-blind Frank Martin. Their only clues are a guitar string (the murder weapon) and Martin's horse Swayback that hold the key to finding the dead man's lost goldmine. Following Frank Martin's funeral, Martin's granddaughter, Joan (Barbara Pepper), meets her uncle, John Martin, and Lon Dillon, who flirts with her. Lawyer Henry Nolan reads Martin's will, revealing that the deceased left John $5,000 and the remainder of the estate to Joan. John tells Joan that he suspects Gene of her grandfather's murder and persuades her to hold a masquerade dance to lure Gene into town. Meanwhile, Gene learns that Martin was nearly blind and relied on his horse Swayback to guide him. By following Swayback, whom Lon, John, and Henry have all tried to buy, Gene discovers that Martin had indeed located a gold mine. Gene and Frog escape a trap set for them at the dance and save Joan when she is nearly strangled by another guitar string. Then Gene discovers that John's guitar is missing a string. John and Pablo, who have uncovered Swayback's hiding place, find the mine and are followed by Henry, Lon, and Hank Polk. As they argue among themselves, Gene surprises them and reveals that he is a Texas Ranger assigned to the Martin murder case. By claiming that Frog is a fingerprint expert, Gene tricks Henry into admitting his guilt. Henry is then arrested by the sheriff, who is waiting in the mine according to Gene's instructions. Finally, Joan learns that Gene has recorded the deed to the mine in her name.
Near Dark	American	horror	Kathryn Bigelow	One night, Caleb Colton (Adrian Pasdar), a young man in a small town, meets an attractive young drifter named Mae (Jenny Wright). Just before sunrise, she bites him on the neck and runs off. The rising sun causes Caleb's flesh to smoke and burn. Mae arrives with a group of roaming vampires in an RV and takes him away. The most psychotic of the vampires, Severen (Bill Paxton), wants to kill Caleb but Mae reveals that she has already turned him. Their charismatic leader Jesse Hooker (Lance Henriksen) reluctantly agrees to allow Caleb to remain with them for a week, to see if he can learn to hunt and gain the group's trust. Caleb is unwilling to kill to feed, which alienates him from the others. To protect him, Mae kills for him and then has him drink from her wrist. Jesse's group enters a bar and kills the occupants. They set the bar on fire and flee the scene. After Caleb endangers himself to help them escape their motel room during a daylight police raid, Jesse and the others are temporarily mollified, with Caleb asking Jesse how old he was and told he fought for the South. Caleb's father (Tim Thomerson) searches for Jesse's group. A child vampire in the group, Homer (Joshua John Miller) meets Caleb's sister Sarah (Marcie Leeds) and wants to turn her into his companion, but Caleb objects. While the group argues, Caleb's father arrives and holds them at gunpoint, demanding that Sarah be released. Jesse taunts him into shooting but regurgitates the bullet before wrestling the gun away. In the confusion, Sarah opens a door, letting in the sunlight and forcing the vampires back. Burning, Caleb escapes with his family. Caleb suggests they try giving him a blood transfusion to attempt to cure him. The transfusion successfully reverses Caleb's transformation. That night, the vampires search for Caleb and Sarah. Mae distracts Caleb by trying to persuade him to return to her while the others kidnap his sister. Caleb discovers the kidnapping and his tires slashed but gives chase on horseback. When the horse shies and throws him, he is confronted by Severen. Caleb commandeers a tractor-trailer and runs Severen over. The injured vampire suddenly appears on the hood of the truck and manages to rip apart the wiring in the engine. Caleb jackknifes the vehicle and jumps out as the truck explodes, killing Severen. Seeking revenge, Jesse and his girlfriend Diamondback (Jenette Goldstein) pursue him but are forced to flee in their car as dawn breaks. Not wanting Sarah to become another childlike monster, Mae breaks out of the back of the car with Sarah. Mae's flesh begins to smoke as she is burned by the sun but she carries Sarah into Caleb's arms, taking refuge under his jacket. Homer attempts to follow, but as he runs he dies from exposure to the sun. Jesse and Diamondback, their sunproofing ruined, also begin to burn. They attempt to run Caleb and Sarah over but fail, dying as the car blows up. Mae awakens later, her burns now healed. She too has been given a transfusion and is cured. She and Caleb comfort each other in a reassuring hug as the film ends.
Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles	Chinese	drama	Zhang Yimou	Takata Gouichi (played by Ken Takakura), an elderly Japanese man, has been on poor terms with his son Kenichi (Kiichi Nakai) since the death of his wife. When his son falls ill, Gouichi travels from the province of Akita to the hospital, located in Tokyo, but his son refuses to see him. Kenichi's wife Rie (Shinobu Terajima) gives Gouichi a video-tape so that Gouichi may learn more about his son, which contains footage of Li Jiamin, an artist of Nuo opera from the Province of Yunnan of the People's Republic of China, promising to perform Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles in a year. Gouichi decides to travel to the PRC in his son's place to film Li's performance. Gouichi arrives in the Village of Li, near the City of Lijiang, only to learn that Li was imprisoned after assaulting someone for mocking his illegitimate son. His translator Jiang Wen and the local guide Qiu Lin suggest that he film someone else, but Gouichi insists on Li. After an uncertain and time-consuming process of obtaining clearances from authorities, Gouichi gains entry to the prison facility, but Li breaks down in tears because he misses his son too badly. Gouichi decides to travel to Stone Village to retrieve Li's 8-year-old son Yang Yang (Yang Zhenbo). While in the village, Gouichi receives a call from Rie, telling him that Kenichi has been touched by his efforts, and requests that he come home. Gouichi wonders whether the message really was from Kenichi, and opts to continue his mission. On the way to the prison, the vehicle breaks down, and Yang Yang chooses to run away, being filled with anxiety at meeting a father whom he doesn't remember. Gouichi chases after the boy, and the two become lost in the lime-stone hills, having no choice but to sleep in a cave. Yang Yang is hostile toward Gouichi at first, but trusts him as the hours pass by. They are found the next morning by the combined efforts of villagers and the police. Gouichi feels that Yang Yang's opinion should be respected, and lets him go home. Shortly after, he receives another call from Rie, informing him that Kenichi has died, leaving behind a letter saying that he has forgiven his father. Gouichi returns to the prison with photographs of Yang Yang. Li is moved and promises to give his best performance. As he, the musicians, and the supporting actors are about to begin, he asks why Gouichi isn't recording. Gouichi explains that, since his son has passed, recording is no longer necessary. Li, however, persuades him to record anyway, given their difficulty in coming all this way, and so the performance begins in view of the camera. The film revolves around the meaning of Gouichi's journey, and brings in issues of performance and duplicity, the authenticity or its lack in tourist experience, and the way in which success abroad can seem to erase failure at home.[1]
Baby Butch	American	animation	Unknown	Butch is walking down an alleyway at night picking up food. He sees a bottle of milk and ham at Tom and Jerry's house, but Tom retrieves both items before Butch can steal them. Seeing their full refrigerator and determined to gain access to it, Butch disguises himself as an abandoned baby on the doorstep in order to gain Tom's sympathy and infiltrate the house. Crying and talking like a baby, Butch's ruse works, and Tom brings him into the house. Butch takes the ham, but is forced to stay in disguise as Tom tries to give him aid, while at the same time, fight off Jerry, wanting to steal the ham for himself. Tom dumps Butch into a boiling water bath, but Butch kicks Tom into it and chases Jerry, in possession of the ham. After Butch bumps himself, he gains sympathy from Tom by pointing at Jerry and crying, but Jerry turns the tables and alerts Tom to Butch, who has now stolen everything in the refrigerator. His cover blown, Butch knocks Tom out and flees, but Jerry slams a door against Butch, leaving Butch empty-handed. Tom and Jerry then eat the ham together for dinner, but Butch, still in his baby disguise, appears and asks for some ham. Amused by Butch's nerve, Tom passes the ham to him. Butch seemingly only cuts a small amount for himself. But he then steals the entire ham and gobbles it down greedily, fighting off Tom and Jerry.
Gangotri	Telugu	romance	K. Raghavendra Rao	Neelakantham Naidu (Prakash Raj) is a big factionist. He has a loyal confidant Narasimha (Suman), who is willing to give his life for the sake of his master. After many years, Neelakantham's wife (Pragathi) gives a birth to a baby girl. But all the earlier babies born to Neelakantham died due to some unknown reason. The priests advise Neelakantham to name his daughter as Gangotri. They also warn Neelakantham that the child has 'jalagandam', hence they ask Neelakantham to take Gangotri to the holy place of Gangotri (after which she was named) in the Himalayas and perform 'abhyangana snanam' (bathe with turmeric, milk, etc.) for the next 15 years. After 15 years, Gangotri would be free of any danger. When nobody could entertain the child Gangotri, Simhadri, the son of Narasimha entertains her with a song. Simhadri becomes a servant and friend to Gangotri. They grow up together. Simhadri (Allu Arjun) and Gangotri (Aditi Agarwal) are good friends. In the mean time, Simhadri's mother (Seetha) sacrifices her life to save Neelakantham. When Gangotri attains puberty, Gangotri's paternal aunt (Telangana Shakuntala) restricts Simhadri from meeting Gangotri as it would be wrong. When Simhadri comes to Gangotri's place clandestinely to meet her, they are caught by Neelakantham. Neelakantham's sister speaks badly about their relationship. Neelakantham beats Simhadri. Meanwhile, Narasimha comes to the spot and interferes. This causes a rift between Neelakantham and Narasimha. Neelakantam is misinformed about Narasimha's intentions; hence he has bombs planted in Narasimha's house. Simhadri is away at that time. When Simhadri comes to know that Neelakantam is responsible for the bombing, he comes to Neelakantam's house and challenges that he will marry Gangotri in 365 days. Then Simhadri goes to the holy place Gangotri and waits for his ladylove to come there for the final sacred bath. They try to elope but Neelakantham sobes Simhadri with sword and Gangotri commits suicide which makes Neelakantham realise their love. Simhadri gets consciousness and with their favorite tune from flute and get back his love and they hug each other.
Rasen	Japanese	horror	Iida, JōjiJōji Iida	Following the events of Ring, the body of Ryūji Takayama, former husband of Reiko Asakawa and father of Yōichi Asakawa, is examined by his friend and rival, pathologist Mitsuo Andō. After he finds a cryptic note in Takayama's stomach, Reiko and Yōichi also turn up dead. Andō soon learns of a mysterious cursed videotape, haunted by the spirit of a murdered young woman. Rumor has it that anyone who watches the video will die exactly one week later. Despondent over the death of his own child, and believing that he is being guided by his rival's ghost, Andō decides to see the video for himself. After watching the tape, strange things begin to happen around him, and he soon discovers that the tape's restless spirit has different plans in store for him. With the help of Takayama's student, Mai Takano, Andō finds out more about Ryūji's past as well as the mysterious young woman, Sadako Yamamura. Searching for the truth about why Ryūji and Yōichi died from the virus while Reiko didn't leads him to her boss Yoshino. Yoshino lets Andō in on a secret: he has the wife's diary. She and Ryūji had been researching the cursed videotape. While Reiko had broken the curse, Ryūji died a week after watching the tape. Reiko believed that creating a copy would break the curse but Yōichi died a week after watching the tape, just as his father had. Yoshino shows Andō both the tape and the diary. When Andō tells Mai Takano what he's done, she is shocked and can't understand why, since she felt from the start that it was the video that killed Takayama and his family. As they are talking, Yoshino calls Andō. He admits that he wishes he'd never been involved in Reiko's business. Andō believes that Yoshino had watched the video, but he denies it saying that he was too scared to. However, Yoshino still dies. Andō decides to destroy the videotapes and make sure that he will be the video's last victim. He then confides in Mai about his son's death, and they end up sleeping together. Andō asks Mai if she'll be there with him when he dies, but Mai tells him she's too scared. He understands and decides to try to find out more about the virus that killed Takayama and his son. He discovers that the virus that killed Yoshino was different from the one that killed the father and son. Andō asks for tests to be run on him. Meanwhile, Mai Takano goes missing and Andō apparently survives the curse. He starts to feel that the story was just a myth and he's relieved when Mai turns up. However, he is shocked to find out that she has been found dead, having given birth with no sign of a baby. Andō goes back to work and sees Mai there and finds out that she is none other than Sadako Yamamura, reborn and claiming to be perfectly dual-gendered. He then learns that Takayama wasn't helping Andō stop Sadako – instead, he was helping Sadako. Yoshino, Andō's friend Miyashita and many others weren't killed by a virus or the video but rather Reiko's diary. Sadako promises to help resurrect Andō's son in exchange for his help. In the end, Andō brings Takayama and his son back to life with help from Sadako. Just as Ryūji leaves, he tells Andō Many years will pass before our world will be at peace.
Has Anybody Seen My Gal?	American	romance	Douglas Sirk	The year is 1928. Samuel Fulton (Charles Coburn) is an old and lonely New York millionaire who has decided to leave his fortune to the family of the late Millicent Blaisdell. Millicent is the only woman he has ever been in love with and they briefly dated, until she dumped him because she did not return his love. Samuel explains to his lawyer Edward Norton (Frank Ferguson) that losing the love of his life was what inspired him to build up a career as a wealthy businessman, eventually becoming the richest man in the world. Fearing the family will spend the money the wrong way, he decides to visit them in a small Vermont town, faking a newspaper advertisement to board a room under the alias John Smith. The family is initially reluctant to take in Samuel, but Roberta, the youngest daughter, (Gigi Perreau) wastes no time and makes him feel as welcome as possible. He notices that the Blaisdells are a happy family who, although poor, are proud of their background. Father Charles (Larry Gates) has taught the family not to put a value on materialistic products. Nevertheless, mother Harriet (Lynn Bari) wishes for her daughter Millicent (Piper Laurie) to marry Carl Pennock (Skip Homeier), a wealthy but snobbish young man who could buy Millicent everything that Harriet never had. Millicent, however, is not keen on Carl and prefers to marry Dan Stebbins (Rock Hudson), a charming but poor soda jerk. While staying at the Blaisdells, 'John' is given a job at Dan's store as soda jerk. One night, Millie and Dan announce their engagement, which upsets Harriet. Shortly after, Norton arrives, announcing the family has inherited $100,000 from an unknown man. When realizing Norton is not joking, the family – especially Harriet – immediately gives up their humble life for the upper-class life style. Charles is not enthusiastic of his wife's sudden craze of materialism, but allows her to buy whatever she wants. The oldest son Howard (William Reynolds) immediately starts gambling a large amount of money and lands a debt, which prompts Samuel to help him. Meanwhile, Dan, feeling he could never live up to Millie's expectations, breaks off their engagement. Afterwards, Millie reluctantly starts dating Carl again, much under the pressure of her mother. Samuel helps both Millie and Howard escape from a raid, which results in his being jailed. Soon, Harriet feels that Samuel's presence is ruining the family image, unaware of the reason why he ended up in jail. In this period, he is supported only by Dan, who admits his intentions of leaving town to build a career. Trying to prevent Millie and Dan from disappearing out of each other's life, he sets up a meeting at the cinema. There, an argument follows, and Millie exclaims her hatred for the family's sudden wealth, complaining that it is the cause of all bad things happening to her. She is comforted by Samuel, and thereby attracts the attention of other theatre-goers, who suspect that Sam and Millie were necking. During the ongoing social party at Blaisdell's house, there is gossip of the necking in the cinema, which prompts Harriet to force Millie to announce her engagement to Carl. Meanwhile, Charles announces he has lost his investments, which makes Samuel realize that the Blaisdells are in no position of making wise financial decisions. Obligated by Samuel, Norton refuses a loan, after which Charles begs the Pennocks for money. Pennock Senior (Paul McVey) refuses the loan to Charles and leaves with wife and son Carl the party, which makes clear that the engagement is off. Much to Harriet's distress, the Blaisdell family returns to their old lifestyle. At the end, Roberta reveals that 'John' has won the first prize at an art show, having secretly entered his paintings. Samuel immediately leaves the house to avoid the press, and realizes that the Blaisdells now think of him as the grandfather he could have been.
Thalaimagan	Tamil	action	Sarath Kumar	The story is set around the bulwark of honest and public good institution of everest. A journalistic anachronism at a time when media houses have become mouthpieces for corporate houses. It is helmed by the fearless Ayya (Vijayakumar). It has among its ranks an intrepid scribe Dheeran (Sarath Kumar). He is no journeyman journalist. He is writer as well as a doer. When the power of the pen looks like slackening, he uses the hands that push the pen, so to say. And then there is harried colleague Erimalai (Vadivelu), who is just a step away from trouble. Meghala (Nayanthara) is an enterprising intern who drives Dheeran distraction. Dheeran runs into the evil axis of politico and police web as represented by the corrupt Minister Shanmuga Vadivelu (Mukesh Tiwari) and a venal cop Alankaram (Seema Biswas). Dheeran through his mixed ways frustrate all the evil plans of the duo. But a new water bottling plant of an MNC becomes a major confrontation issue. Dheeran goes hammer and tongs against the project, as it would be harmful to villagers. Dheeran painstakingly exposes all the chinks in the project. Shanmugasundaram has to come with a violent reprisal and he sure does and thinks he has done away with Dheeran. Did he? But Dheeran comes back from dead as a new man with renewed force. In the two years, Shanmugha Sundaram and Alankaram had come a long way. But Dheeran, slowly but stealthily, exposes them with a cunning of a mountain fox. He exposes all their bad deeds with clinching evidence. How? Well, it all leads to an action-packed climax.
The Emerald Forest	British	drama	John Boorman	Bill Markham (Powers Boothe) is an engineer who has moved to Brazil with his family to work on a large hydro-electric dam. The film opens on Markham, his wife Jean (Meg Foster), his young son Tommy (William Rodriguez), and his daughter Heather (Yara Vaneau) having a picnic on the edge of the jungle, which is being cleared for the dam's construction. Tommy wanders from the cleared area, and an Indian (Rui Polanah) from one of the indigenous tribes known as the Invisible People notices Tommy and abducts him. Markham pursues the pair into the forest but does not find his son. Ten years later, the dam is nearing completion. A 17-year-old Tommy (Charley Boorman), now called Tomme, has become one of the Invisible People. Tomme marries a woman named Kachiri (Dira Paes) and undergoes a vision quest, where his spirit animal tells him he must retrieve sacred stones from a remote spot deep in the jungle. Chief Wanadi, the man who abducted and adopted Tommy, warns him that the quest will be dangerous, as it will take him into the territory of the cannibalistic Fierce People. Meanwhile, Markham has finally identified his son's abductors. Markham and a journalist decide to set off bottle rockets to attract the attention of the Invisible People. Instead, they attract the Fierce People and are captured. Armed with a CAR-15 carbine, Markham is able to defend himself long enough to talk with Chief Jacareh (Claudio Moreno) who releases Markham for the night, promising to hunt him down in the morning, while the Fierce People kill and butcher the journalist. Close to dawn, Markham stumbles into Tomme collecting the sacred stones. The two recognize each other just as the Fierce People arrive, shooting Markham in the shoulder. Tomme and his father manage to escape, leaving Markham's carbine behind. In the care of the Invisible People, Markham recovers from his injuries and undergoes a vision quest, waking up back at the dam's construction zone. Jacareh, recognizing the destructive power of Markham's carbine, visits a seedy brothel at the edge of the construction zone and arranges to exchange women for ammunition and more guns. Tomme and his friends return to their village to discover that many of the Invisible People have been murdered and all the young women abducted by the Fierce People. Desperate for help, Tomme navigates the city to his parents' condo, and Markham agrees to help rescue the women from the brothel. That night, Markham initiates a shootout in the brothel while Tomme and his friends release the enslaved women from captivity. In the ensuing battle, the Fierce People kill several members of the Invisible People, including Chief Wanadi. Tomme is later sworn in as the new chief of the tribe. Markham warns Tomme that the almost-completed dam will end the tribe's way of life, but Tomme insists that the Invisible People are safe. During a storm, Markham places demolition explosives at key points along the dam, blowing it up. The film ends with Tomme and Kachiri sitting at the swimming hole near their village in the jungle, watching the members of their tribe splash and play.
Madhyamvarg: The Middle Class	Marathi	action	Hari Fernandes	The story revolves around a Police Inspector (Siddharth Jadhav) and a journalist (Ravi Kishan) and his family. It tells the fight of middle-class people against injustice and bad things.
Forever	American	romance	George Fitzmaurice	Peter Ibbetson (Reid) is an orphan raised by his uncle, Colonel Ibbetson. When the Colonel insults his dead mother, Peter attacks him and is ordered from the house. Then the young man runs into his childhood sweetheart, Mimsi (Ferguson), and their romantic feelings are rekindled. Unfortunately, Mimsi has married, but they carry on a love affair in their dreams. Their dream-affair continues over the years, even after Peter kills her husband, the Duke of Towers, and gets a life prison sentence.
Tetsuo II: Body Hammer	Japanese	horror	Shinya Tsukamoto	The film opens with a man being shot by Yatsu - known as The Metal Fetishist or The Guy in this movie - who fires the shot from his index finger, holding his hand like a gun. Taniguchi Tomoo is discussing his past with his wife, since he does not have any memories before his adoption at eight years old. He is almost killed when two cyborg skinheads try to kidnap his son, Minori. He is forced to take an injection by one of the skinheads. Frightened by the encounter, he starts working out. Unsuccessful lifting even the lightest of weights at first, he suddenly is capable of enormous feats of strength. Later, he gets an anonymous call asking how his training went. The caller informs Taniguchi that he has kidnapped Minori by entering through the building's back door. Taniguchi chases the kidnappers to a roof where he again finds himself hanging on the edge, close to death. However, this time he manages to pull himself up, only to be told the skinhead already threw his son off the roof. Enraged by this, Taniguchi transforms and grows a gun from his arm. He shoots the skinhead who, having lied about dropping Minori, holds the son in front of him, causing Taniguchi to kill his own son. The skinhead escapes, leaving behind a distraught Taniguchi who discovers his wife saw everything. The skinheads arrive at their hideout where their accomplices work out lifting enormous weights. They meet a Mad Scientist who asks them what kind of specimen they picked for the injection, revealing that Taniguchi's injection is part of an experiment. Later, Taniguchi is kidnapped by the skinheads and experimented on by the Mad Scientist who manipulates Taniguchi's memories, furthering his change from man to machine. It is revealed that the Mad Scientist works with Yatsu who - after ordering Taniguchi's death - informs the Mad Scientist that his goal is only destruction and that every skinhead get an injection. After Taniguchi's escape, a skinhead injects himself and rapidly transforms, since his will to kill is much greater. During the escape, Taniguchi and the skinhead find they both have the ability to transform back into their human forms. The two face off in an abandoned factory and the skinhead tells Taniguchi that they all want to be made into gods by Yatsu. Back at home, Taniguchi's wife, Kana, discovers that Taniguchi's injection was actually blocked by his pocket organizer. So Taniguchi has the ability to transform into a machine under his own will. His wife is visibly scared of her husband. She leaves in a hurry, only to also be kidnapped on the street. Taniguchi pursues the car on a bicycle, transforming and eventually catching up. Still, the skinheads manage to escape. Kana meets Yatsu who tells her about her husband, who apparently has possessed incredible power all along, but chose to not use it unless he's pushed. The last time he used the power - before his eighth birthday - not only did he kill all the children who bullied him, but also destroyed those he loved. Taniguchi finds where Kana is held and ignores threats of the skinheads killing her. Yatsu talks to Taniguchi, then seemingly kills Kana. Taniguchi has had no mercy and a hostage meant nothing to him. Still, Kana's death pushes Taniguchi completely over the edge and he fully transforms. In the fight between Yatsu and Taniguchi, Yatsu tries to rust Taniguchi to death, like in the first movie. After Taniguchi has seemingly won, Yatsu shoots a cable into Taniguchi, causing further transformations. During this, Taniguchi learns that his father was creating the perfect human weapon, first training his sons - Tomoo and Yatsu - with guns, then making the guns part of them. Tomoo leaves before killing a dog, while his brother kills the animal. The boys also witness their father killing their mother in a bizarre sex ritual involving the woman sucking on a gun. Tomoo loses his memory after witnessing the death of both his mother and killing his father. This makes him realize the beauty of destruction and both Tomoo and Yatsu merge into a humongous creature. Tomoo begs Kana to inject him with the gun that will make him rust to death, but she refuses to harm him. The Tomoo/Yatsu creature merges with the remaining skinheads and they turn into a giant, tank-like machine rolling through the city. The final shots of the movie show Kana, Tomoo, and Minori walking through the ruins of what was once a city, with her remarking how peaceful the place has become.
Willard	American	horror	Daniel Mann	Willard Stiles is a meek social misfit who develops an affinity for rats. He lives in a large house with only his cranky and decrepit mother Henrietta for company. On his 27th birthday, he is humiliated to come home to a birthday party thrown by his mother, where all of the attendees are her friends. After leaving the party in embarrassment, he notices a rat in his backyard and tosses it pieces of his birthday cake. The next morning he feeds another rat. His mother tells him that he needs to kill the rats, which Willard refuses to do. When Willard goes to work, he is scolded by his boss Al Martin for tardiness. He later returns home and begins playing with a rat he names Queenie. A white rat becomes his best companion and he names him Socrates. Numerous other rats emerge, including a bigger black specimen whom he names Ben. At work, Al continues antagonizing Willard. Willard sneaks into a party Al is hosting, opens a rat-filled suitcase, and urges them to get the food and ruin the party. Al and his guests are terrorized by the rats' sudden appearance. The next day Willard's mother dies, and he discovers that the house is heavily mortgaged. Willard is pressured by the banks to give up the house. Willard decides to bring Socrates and Ben to the office. Later, his friend/temporary assistant, Joan, feels sorry for him and in order to ease his loneliness, gives him a cat named Chloe, but he hands Chloe off to a stranger. The rat population is growing too large and Willard cannot afford to keep feeding them. He decides to steal money from his one of his coworkers, using his now-trained rats. He sneaks into the coworker's house and orders the rats to tear it up, putting them in front of his bedroom door, which results in the man and his wife waking up and fleeing the house upon opening the door and seeing the rats. The next day, Willard again takes Ben and Socrates to work. One of the workers spots the rats and Al bludgeons Socrates to death, devastating Willard. He gets another blow when he is fired, along with Joan. Later that night, while Al is still at work, Willard goes to back to the office, this time with all of his rats. He confronts Al over the death of Socrates and finds that Al is trying to mortgage and buy his house, but when Al lashes back, Willard instructs the rats to kill him. Unnerved by Al's gruesome death, Willard abandons Ben, goes home and begins sealing up any holes through which the rats could gain entry. Willard has dinner with Joan, but he is startled to look up and see Ben staring at him from a corner shelf. It is followed by his shocking discovery of hordes of rats in the basement invading his home. He orders Joan to leave and locks the door before confronting Ben. Willard stalls Ben, telling him that he will get him some food, yet begins mixing a box of rat poison with the food. Ben reads the box and squeals loudly, alerting the others. Willard follows Ben upstairs, trying to kill him as the rats pursue him. Willard corners Ben in a storage room in the house, but when he hears the rats coming, he barricades the door. The rats begin gnawing at the door and eventually break in to devour him as he shouts, I was good to you, Ben!
Carrie	American	horror	David Carson	Police interview several people, including high school student Sue Snell and gym teacher Miss Desjarden. Detective John Mulcahey is investigating the disappearance of high school student Carrie White. These interviews reveal the preceding events. Two weeks before the prom at Eden High School, Carrie is a shy girl who is tormented by the popular girls, including Christine Chris Hargensen and Tina Blake. When Carrie has her first period in the shower, the girls taunt her until Ms. Desjarden intervenes and comforts Carrie. Principal Morton decides to send Carrie home but addresses Carrie by the wrong name. An infuriated Carrie yells out, causing Morton's desk to move several inches. Making her way home, Carrie is accosted by a boy on a bicycle, whose joke goes wrong when he inexplicably flies off his bike and crashes into a tree. On arrival at her house, Carrie has a flashback to her own childhood and her special abilities. Carrie's fanatically religious mother, Margaret White, who considers menstruation a sign of sexual sin, locks Carrie in her prayer closet as punishment. The next day, Ms. Desjarden gives the girls a week's detention for their bullying of Carrie. When the girls skip detention, they face being refused prom tickets. After Chris' father, John Hargensen, a lawyer, unsuccessfully attempts to get her prom ban rescinded, Chris enlists her boyfriend, Billy Nolan, to get revenge on Carrie. Meanwhile, Carrie discovers she has telekinesis, the ability to move or control objects with her mind. After a telekinetic episode in class, Carrie goes home and practices her rediscovered talent. Sue, trying to atone for tormenting Carrie, asks her boyfriend, Tommy Ross, to take Carrie to the prom. With some trepidation, Carrie agrees. When Carrie tells her mother about the prom invitation, Margaret forbids her to go. At last, Carrie is provoked into using her powers to confront her mother and Margaret seemingly gives in. On the day of the prom, Tina switches the Prom Queen ballots so that Carrie and Tommy are declared the Prom King and Queen winners. As Tommy and Carrie take their place onstage, Chris, who has been hiding with Billy in the rafters, pulls a rope to tip a bucket, causing a wave of blood to fall onto Carrie. When Chris and Billy run, Chris having released the rope, the bucket falls on Tommy's head, knocking him out. Carrie goes into a shock-induced trance and locks everyone inside the gym, killing them all, except for a few students who escape through a vent with Ms. Desjarden. Carrie then leaves the burning school, unleashing a wave of destruction upon the entire town. Chris and Billy find her walking in the road. Billy tries to run her down but Carrie tosses their truck into a pole, killing them. When Carrie arrives home, she gets into a bathtub, where she finally snaps back to herself but cannot remember what has just happened. Margaret walks into the bathroom and deems her daughter a witch and then attempts to drown Carrie in the tub. With her last ounce of strength, Carrie stops her mother's heart. Sue finds Carrie near death and manages to revive Carrie with artificial respiration. At Sue's suggestion, Carrie fakes her own death and Sue sneaks Carrie out of town to Florida. As the two drive off, Carrie has a nightmarish vision of her mother. When Carrie wakes, she hallucinates that Chris is lunging at her. Noticing this, Sue asks her if she wants to stop for a moment, but Carrie tells her to keep driving. tjis si creepy
Free Jimmy	American	animation	Christopher Nielsen	The events of the original movie take place entirely in Norway; in the English-language version of the movie, the story begins in Britain, and ends up in Norway with the travelling circus. At night, an animal testing laboratory in grimy downtown Oslo is broken into by the urban guerrillas, a group of bumbling, vegan animal rights activists. They first release some rabbits, which refuse to leave. They then set the rats free, then cats, which to the horror of the activists, eat the rats. They then release a small yapping dog which in turn, again to their horror, kills the cats. They bury the dead animals, vowing to at some point take revenge on animal oppressing society. One of them, Sonia, a highly-strung, anxiety-stricken woman, keeps the dog and names the dog Karma. Meanwhile, three inept stoners and bungling habitual criminals named Odd, Gaz and Flea (Odd, Geir and Kælle in the Norwegian version) sit around in a decrepit apartment, watching the news story about the lab break-in. Their shady American friend Roy Arnie arrives and offers them a once-in-a-lifetime job opportunity with Circus Stromowski, a travelling Russian circus led by Ringmaster Igor Stromowski. The lads agree as they are in debt with Roy Arnie, and it is apparently a good money-raiser, and to escape a local gangster named Ivan. However, upon arriving at the circus, they find Stromowski to be utterly deranged, the acts dangerous, and performers suicidal. The entire circus is full of useless, miserable has-beens and tired animals that will only perform under the influence of narcotics. What's more, the four lads are actually to be animal handlers with the dangerous animals in the circus stable. The star attraction is Jimmy, a captive large male elephant who is paranoid of police and with an earring and half a tusk sawn off. Roy Arnie gives Jimmy speed to incite the animal to go crazy and perform in the ring for the spectators. At night, he gives Jimmy heroin to sedate him. Soon the elephant becomes addicted. Roy admits to the others that he has stolen over a million pounds worth of heroin from a tanker owned by the Russian Mafia, and that he joined the circus to escape them. The four lads hatch a plan to smuggle the heroin out of Norway by putting it inside the elephant. Roy makes an incision in Jimmy's buttocks, places the bags of drugs inside, and then sews it back up. He has a plan to set up his own circus with the money he makes from the heroin, the Roy Arnie Circus, and believes Jimmy to be the key to his dream. However, on the night the lads plan to steal the elephant, Jimmy escapes when he is accidentally given speed instead of heroin, and bolts out of a door left open by the animal rights activists. Jimmy's drug-induced escape causes widespread chaos. Flea comically steals a van with no windshield in the ensuing chase of Jimmy, which leads them up into the frozen moorland. Three bizarrely-dressed bikers who have been tailing the lads the whole time turn out to be members of the highly feared Laplander motorcycle gang who have been hired by the Russians and are looking for the heroin, and revenge on Roy Arnie. After overhearing their conversations they learn of where the drugs are, and decide to first go after the elephant. Meanwhile, the animal rights activists are hot on Jimmy's trail with the intention of rescuing Jimmy. Jimmy is also hunted by a group of trigger-happy, redneck-type Scottish big game hunters (trøndere in the Norwegian version) want to shoot something bigger than a moose or a deer for a change. So begins a mad-cap cross-country road trip to find Jimmy, with each group having different motives. The four stoners crash a log cabin which is occupied by an elderly American couple, but the three Lappish Mafia bikers find them there, kill the couple, and torture the four stoners for information on the whereabouts of Jimmy the elephant. Jimmy nearly dies on the moors as he begins to go through withdrawal, although a seemingly intelligent and benevolent moose with golden antlers befriends the elephant and attempts to nurse him back to health by nudging him towards water and bringing him grass to eat. The moose pushes Jimmy into a rocky overhang, protecting the elephant from the elements. The moose forces Jimmy to stand on occasion by pushing him up and holding him up with his antlers, bringing back the strength in Jimmy's legs. Over the course of a few painful days, with the moose's help, Jimmy makes a full recovery from the drugs, and again becomes one with nature away from the ugly trappings of man. When the groups converge on Jimmy's location, chaos ensues which results in most of the people involved getting killed in various ways, mostly violent and bloody. As the elephant and the moose escape into the sunset, the elephant accidentally steps on Sonia the activist's dog, Karma, splatting it. Sonia momentarily loses her temper and picks up one of the hunters' rifles and shoots Jimmy in the behind, unwittingly bursting the bags of heroin inside and causing Jimmy to die quickly of massive drug overdose. This causes Sonia to recoil in horror in what she has done, and she flees amidst nervous breakdown in the knowledge she has harmed an animal. The moose causes a landslide which buries Jimmy's body, and after the moose sits poignantly by the mound of rocks which now entomb the elephant, the moose gallops off into the sunset alone. The only other survivors of the massacre, the four stoners, do not witness these events, and back at their apartment assault Roy for leading them to the situation in the first place, because of his mad circus dreams, and for Jimmy, our mate. Finally, Roy, full of remorse over his actions in the past, wanders out onto the moors alone to look for the elephant, unaware that Jimmy is already dead and entombed under rocks and out of sight. Roy disappears into a terrible blizzard calling out Jimmy in vain.
On Approval	British	comedy	Clive Brook	George, 10th Duke of Bristol, and his friend Richard Halton are poverty-stricken members of the British upper class, George having squandered his money on women (as he tells the film's narrator). They attend a party at George's own London home, let to the young, wealthy and attractive American Helen Hale. At the soiree, George is rude to Maria Wislack, a rich widow with whom he is acquainted. Richard is genuinely in love with Maria, but will not tell her so due to his poverty. Meanwhile, George is oblivious to the fact that Helen is in love with him, and finds the thought of marriage distasteful. Maria grows tired of waiting for Richard to make his feelings known and proposes that they spend a month together as man and wife in Scotland on approval to see how they get along (although he will have to sleep in a hotel). George, much to their mutual discomfort, invites himself along. They are soon joined by Helen. The unexpected arrival of additional - and unmarried - guests disturbs Mrs McCosh, Maria's housekeeper, and she soon departs, taking with her all of the household servants. The two couples are left to fend for themselves. Richard does his best to please the demanding Maria, though Helen privately advises him to tell her to go to hell. George, in the meantime, loafs and does nothing to help out. At the end of three weeks, Maria tells Richard that she is willing to marry him and even to settle £5000 a year on him, but when he discovers that what he had thought was a test of his patience turns out to be the way she behaves normally, he turns her down. At the same time, George decides he loves Helen and asks her to marry him. She would have been happy to accept his proposal three weeks before, but after becoming better acquainted with him, she gently turns him down. She eventually begins having second thoughts, however, and she and Richard set about making the others jealous and leave the island together for the hotel on the mainland. As it turns out, George and Maria have the same idea. Eventually, both Helen and Richard have nightmares about their loved ones, together alone in Maria's house, and speed back there. When Richard climbs up to Maria's bedroom window, she is frightened by the (to her) unknown intruder and rushes to George's room. There is where Helen and Richard find them together. Recriminations soon follow. The film then flashes forward to Helen, who is showing the family photo album to her two sons. The narrator addresses her as Lady Bristol, only to be corrected by her. She has married Richard, while George, to the narrator's disbelief, is Maria's partner.
Don't Panic Chaps!	British	comedy	George Pollock	During World War II, a pair of observation teams, German and British, are left on a remote Adriatic island, then forgotten. The two sides call a truce and live harmoniously; that is until beautiful Elsa is cast ashore and war breaks out anew.
Minotaur	American	horror	Jonathan English	In the Minoan Bronze Age, a shadow loomed over the village of Thena. Every three years, under King Deucalion's order, eight youths are taken from the village to the capital of the Minos' Empire. There, they are placed in an underground labyrinth to be sacrifices to the Minotaur, the Minoan god. Theo, son of Cyrnan, the village chieftain, is haunted by the loss of his love, Fion, in an earlier sacrifice. A leprous prophetess tells him that Fion is still alive in the labyrinth. Against his father's wishes, he replaces one of the sacrifices and is taken to the Minos Empire capitol. Other captives are Danu (Theo's best friend), Morna (Danu's love interest), Tyro (who initially resents Theo because of his standing), Didi (Tyro's love interest), Vena, Ziko and Nan. After the group are dropped into the labyrinth, the Minotaur immediately begins hunting them and kills Nan. The survivors are approached by Queen Raphaella, Deucalion's sister and unwilling lover, who offers them a way out. Vena does not believe her, and when she attempts to leave the group, the Minotaur impales her with its horn. The rest of the group evade the Minotaur and, led by Raphaella, they get to a chamber at the center of the labyrinth. There, the monster lies asleep on its victims's remains, and a heavy wooden door leads out of the labyrinth. Raphaella had arranged for her servant Ramaya to open the door from the other side, but Deucalion catches the servant and has her executed. Desperate, the group attempt to break down the door. The noise wakes the Minotaur, which kills Ziko and splits up the group. Theo, Danu, and Morna encounter Turag, a villager from a previous offering. Turag has managed to elude the Minotaur thus far, but has become slightly insane over the years. Looking at the map of the labyrinth Turag has drawn, Theo learns of Fion's supposed location and goes off alone to find her. However, he eventually discovers her corpse, and realizes that she was poisoned by an underground gas deposit. Meanwhile, Tyro and Didi find one of the holes that they were dropped through. Tyro climbs up and reaches down to pull up Didi. As the Minotaur arrives, Didi panics, loses her grip and falls onto one of its horns. The Minotaur then corners Danu and Morna, and Danu sacrifices himself to save his lover. Raphaella reaches Theo again and explains the Minotaur's origin. Her mother gave herself to bestiality to create a living god, and gave birth to the Minotaur. As the monster grew, so did its appetite, culminating in it murdering Deucalion's brother. Theo's village was blamed for the prince's death, resulting in the human sacrifices to appease the Minotaur while ensuring Minos' own survival. Raphaella sent the leper to find someone in the village capable of killing the Minotaur, and thus the leper lied to Theo about Fion's survival to make him face the beast. Theo discovers the underground natural gas vent in the labyrinth. When the Minotaur prepares to kill Theo, Tyro sacrifices himself to distract it. Theo tempts the Minotaur into attacking him, and lures it towards the gas vent. He then creates a spark with Fion's amulet. The gas ignites, engulfing part of the labyrinth, while Theo and Raphaella survives by diving into a pond of water. They emerge from the water as the flames die out, and find the beast still alive and enraged. As the Minotaur charges at him, Theo takes the monster's horn which was broken earlier, and impales it in the mouth. It keeps charging forward, and collides with a rock which drives the horn through its head, finally killing it. Theo and Raphaella reunite with Morna and Turag and leave the collapsing labyrinth. On the surface, they find out that the explosion also collapsed the palace and fatally wounded Deucalion. Raphaella smothers him to death, ending the cycle of fanaticism. The Minos' empire ends with the deaths of the Minotaur and Deucalion; Theo becomes a legend for killing the monster.
Knight Without Armour	British	drama	Jacques Feyder	Englishman A. J. Fothergill (Robert Donat) is recruited by Colonel Forrester (Laurence Hanray) to spy on Russia for the British government because he can speak the language fluently. As Peter Ouranoff, he infiltrates a revolutionary group led by Axelstein (Basil Gill). The radicals try to blow up General Gregor Vladinoff (Herbert Lomas), the father of Alexandra (Marlene Dietrich). When the attempt fails, the would-be assassin is shot, but manages to reach Peter's apartment, where he dies. For his inadvertent involvement, Peter is sent to Siberia. World War I makes Alexandra a widow and brings the Bolsheviks to power, freeing Peter and Axelstein. When the Russian Civil War breaks out, Alexandra is arrested for being an aristocrat, and Peter is assigned by now-Commissar Axelstein to take her to Petrograd to stand trial. However, Peter instead takes her to the safety of the White Army. Their relief is short-lived; the Red Army defeats the White the next day, and Alexandra is taken captive once more. Peter steals a commission as a commissar of prisons from a drunk and uses the document to free her. The two, now deeply in love, flee into the forest. Later, they catch a train. At a railway station, the countess is identified by one Communist official, but Commissar Poushkoff (John Clements) is entranced by Alexandra's beauty. Insisting that her identity be verified, he arranges to take her and Fothergill to Samara. On the train, they become good friends. He allows the couple to escape at a stop, committing suicide to provide a diversion. The lovers board a barge travelling down the Volga River. Alexandra becomes seriously ill. When Peter goes for a doctor, he is arrested by the Whites for not having papers. Meanwhile, a Red Cross doctor finds Alexandra and takes her for treatment. About to be executed, Peter makes a break for it and catches the Red Cross train transporting Alexandra out of Russia.
The Dawning	British	drama	Robert Knights	The film opens with Angus Barrie (Anthony Hopkins), an Irish Republican Army member, walking through hills, and coming to rest on a beach, where there is a little hut. Meanwhile, Nancy Gulliver (Rebecca Pidgeon) having just left school, burns all her books in happiness. It is her birthday, and her aunt (Jean Simmons) has invited over Harry (Hugh Grant), with whom she’s desperately in love, to tea. However, during the course of the film, as a result of Harry’s behaviour with another girl and the way he treats Nancy, she realises that her love for Harry was nothing more than childish infatuation. One day, Nancy goes down to the beach, and notices that her hut has been slept in. She leaves a note requesting that it be left alone. Soon after, she is on the beach reading, when Barrie comes up to her. Over the course of the film, the two develop a relationship, despite her not really knowing and understanding his job: he is one of the first people that became part of a group named the IRA, and is on the run from the government. Nevertheless, she grows fond of Barrie, and dubs him Cassius (because you have a lean and hungry look!) After Cassius asks her to pass on a message to a colleague, several Officers of the British Army are gunned down at a horse race show. Later that day, Captain Rankin (played by Adrian Dunbar) of the Black and Tans comes to see the Family, and asks if anyone knows where Cassius is. The officers' suspicion is aroused when Nancy's grandfather (played by Trevor Howard) says he saw her talking to a man on the beach. She denies any knowledge. When they leave, she runs to the hut on the beach where Cassius was staying to tell him to flee, only to find that he has already packed. As they walk out, a light shines on them: the Black and Tans have found him. He is gunned down, much to Nancy's distress. The film ends with Nancy back at home, considerably older and wiser than when the film started.
Serndhu Polama	Tamil	romance	Anil Kumar	The movie starts of with Kumaran (Thambi Ramiah) telling his wife that he is going to a temple. Actually he spend 2 days of each month with women he meets on the internet. His old fashioned Hep wife doesn't suspect anything. while he is driving he finds Abishek(Vinay) unconscious on the road. Abishek then tells his story to Kumaran on how he ended up on the road. Abishek is a disheveled photographer who meets up with his friend who is a florist. There, he sees Julie(Preethi Christina) who is shopping and is in a hurry. She asks Abishek to drive her around for the day for 500 dollars. He agrees and borrows his friends car for the day. At the end of the day, Julie invites him, a man she has no clue about, into her house and asks him to make coffee. While he is making coffee, she gets dressed and asks him to zip her dress up for her. It is revealed that Julie wants to be a model for the Vogue magazine and she was meant to be meeting a famous fashion photographer for an opportunity. She then instructs Abishek to drive to the photographer's house. Once they reach their destination, Abishek reveals that he is the well known photographer she was going to see. They fall in love. A montage song shows them travelling together all over New Zealand. Julie's parents find out and as they don't approve of their relationship, they decide to get her married by force. Meanwhile, Abishek's childhood friend Sherin sees a picture in an art gallery and tells the manager about abishek, his friends, her childhood. Sherin spots a heartbroken Abishek drunk in a bar and escorts him to a hotel. There are some awkward circumstances between them but Abishek tells her full story once he is sober. Sherin talks about her dead brother murder that happened in their secret place and pretends to help Abishek get Julie back. However, Sherin is convinced that Abishek murdered her brother because he was the last person to see him at the secret place and wants to avenge him. The story cuts back to the present day where Kumaran is seen together in bed with a woman and leaves hurriedly when her husband returns. Sherin and Abishek try to find Julie but they are in no hurry. then Sherin meets Julie and tells Abishek to forget her.
The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement	American	comedy	Garry Marshall	Five years after the previous events, Mia Thermopolis has just graduated from Princeton University's Woodrow Wilson School and is returning to Genovia with her bodyguard, Joe. There, she will await her reign once her grandmother, Queen Clarisse, steps down as Queen. During Mia's twenty first birthday party, she dances with all the eligible bachelors in hope of finding a husband. She becomes attracted to a handsome gentleman named Nicholas. During the course of the night, Mia's tiara falls off and is caught by a Member of Parliament, Viscount Mabrey, who secretly plans to steal Mia's crown. While the Parliament is in-session the next morning, Mia stumbles upon a hidden room that allows her to secretly listen in. Viscount Mabrey reveals his nephew, Lord Devereaux, is another heir to the Genovian throne. Despite Queen Clarisse's objection, the only way Mia can assume her duties as Queen is if she marries within the month. Clarisse invites Lord Devereaux to stay at the palace, while Mia is shocked to discover Lord Devereaux is actually Nicholas. Mia's best friend, Lilly Moscovitz, surprises her by visiting. Together, they pick through potential husbands. Mia eventually chooses Andrew Jacoby, Duke of Kenilworth, and days later, they are engaged. Mabrey plans to have Nicholas woo Mia and dissolve the engagement. For a ceremony, Mia is to ride sidesaddle, but is inexperienced. Queen Clarisse provides an ancestral wooden leg decoy to make it look like she's riding sidesaddle. Mabrey spooks Mia's horse with a rubber snake, and Joe rushes to aid Mia, but accidentally tears off the wooden leg. Humiliated, Mia flees to the stables, where Nicholas fails to comfort her. At a garden party, Mia and Nicholas quarrel about Mia's relationship with Andrew; Nicholas tricks Mia into admitting she doesn't love Andrew. Frustrated, she argues, but instead gets bombarded by a kiss. At first, she kisses him back but then backs away. Nicholas pursues her even more, which causes both of them to fall into a fountain. Queen Clarisse finally tells Mia that her behavior with Nicholas needs to stop. During the Genovian Independence Day parade, Mia sees some boys harassing a little girl, and abruptly halts the parade to comfort the girl. Learning that the children are orphans, Mia has a vendor give them all tiaras and lets them walk with her in the parade. Everyone is impressed by her act of generosity, while Mabrey sees it as a political maneuver. Mia later decides to convert one of the royal palaces into a temporary children's center. That night, Mia has her bachelorette party, where Queen Clarisse surfs on a mattress and sings a duet with Princess Asana, one of Mia's good friends. In the meantime, Mabrey realizes Nicholas has fallen for Mia, but Nicholas says that Mia will never love him. Nicholas comes upon Mia as she is practicing her archery as part of her coronation rites. He helps her succeed in getting the arrow to hit the bullseye, something she had been struggling with. Nicholas then informs Mia that he is leaving, but asks to see her just one more time before he goes. She declines, saying she is under close guard. That night, Nicholas appears outside Mia's window and asks her to come out. Lilly encourages her to go, and Mia sneaks out. They ride out to a lake where they share secrets, dance, and eventually fall asleep. They awaken to find a man in a boat videotaping them. Mia thinks Nicholas set her up, while he insists he had no idea. By the time Mia returns to the palace, the scandalous footage is already being broadcast. Andrew is disappointed and kisses Mia to see if there is a romantic spark between them. They realize that they do not love each other, but do not call off the wedding for the good of Genovia. The wedding is to take place the following day, and Mia's mother, Helen comes with her new husband, Patrick and their newborn son, Trevor. Nicholas decides against attending, but his surly housekeeper, Gretchen, informs him that Mabrey engineered their televised scandal. Before the wedding, Joe informs Mia that Nicholas is innocent. Queen Clarisse encourages Mia to follow her heart, something she has never done and has now cost her Joe, the only man she truly loved. Mia reenters the church, and after pointing out how her grandmother has ruled Genovia while unmarried for a number of years, she tells the members of parliament in the audience to consider the significant women in their lives and questions if they would have them do what they're trying to force her to do (marry someone she does not love). Mabrey cites the law again and once again suggests that his nephew be named King, but just then, Nicholas not only refuses the crown, but also disowns Mabrey as his uncle. Mia proposes the law on royal marriages be abolished, and the Parliament unanimously gives its assent. Encouraged by Mia to have her own happy ending, Clarisse proposes to Joe and they are promptly married. About a week later, Mia is preparing for her coronation when Nicholas shows up. He professes his love for Mia on bended knee, and they share a romantic kiss. The next day, Mia is crowned Her Majesty Amelia Mignonette Thermopolis Renaldi, Queen of Genovia, with all in attendance in the royal palace. An epilogue shows that Genovian Parliament now allows female members, one of whom is Charlotte. And Queen Mia officially opens the children's home.
Idhaya Thirudan	Tamil	romance	Saran	Deepika (Kamna Jethmalani) can't bear with the control her mother Sudha Rani (Vani Viswanath) imposes on her life. In order to make her mother angry, she uploads some hot, sexy pictures of herself and emails them to a fictitious name, T. Mahesh. However, there seems to exist a T. Mahesh (Jayam Ravi) who is a catering student. The more Deepika and Mahesh run into each other, Mahesh starts following Deepika wherever she goes. Mayilravanan (Prakash Raj) is a policeman who wants to marry Deepika. In hopes of creating a distance between Deepika and Mahesh, Mayilravanan seeks a relationship with Deepika's mother. The relationship between Deepika and Mahesh grow into love as they both try to separate Mayilravanan and Deepika's mother in hopes of setting life to how it originally was.Akash B.N from BSF was deepika old lover.
Bob's Baby	American	comedy	Unknown	Bob, a typically devoted husband, is told by his wife that the stork has paid a visit to their household; the first time, it turns out to be a puppy; the second time, expecting another canine, he is surprised to find the more traditional offspring.
Sagebrush Trail	American	western	Armand Schaefer	Sentenced for a murder he did not commit, John Brant escapes from prison determined to find the real killer. By chance Brant's narrow escape from lawmen is witnessed by Joseph Conlon who goes by the name of Jones. Giving Brant the name of Smith' Conlon/Jones gets him into his outlaw gang hiding out in an abandoned mine. Brant attempts to disrupt the outlaw gang's robberies and comes closer to finding his man.
The Mighty Kong	American	animation	Art Scott	Ann Darrow, a down-on-her-luck actress looking for work, meets film director Carl Denham, who offers her a job in a new film. They board the Venture to leave for the film shoot. The monkey that lives on board causes trouble throughout the trip. They arrive on the island and the natives, who are friendly to the crew, ask that the crew leave Ann so they can sacrifice her. Ann is then sacrificed to the giant ape King Kong who makes off with her into the jungle. Together they fight a Tyrannosaurus, Pterodactylus and a Titanoboa and are off the island in five minutes. The film then follows Kong's rampage of New York City. Kong takes Ann up on top of the Empire State Building. The biplanes come and attack Kong with guns, but miss most of the time. When all the planes have been knocked down the army sends two blimps with a net in between them to catch Kong. They catch him successfully. Kong tries to get out of the net, but the net rips and when Kong reaches for Ann, he falls from the net. He bangs into a balcony and plummets to the ground. During his fall he is shown crying. Kong's mightyness ends when he slams into the streets of New York. However, Kong survives the fall.
Flight to Tangier	American	action	Charles Marquis Warren	Aboard a private plane, pilot Hank Brady pulls a gun on his lone passenger, Franz Kovaz, after putting the instruments on automatic pilot. Watching from the Tangier airport is another American pilot, Gil Walker, alongside his French girlfriend Nicki, a woman named Susan Lane and a police lieutenant, Luzon, as the plane goes down in flames. The eyewitnesses are taken in to Luzon's superior, Col. Wier, for questioning. It is revealed that Gil had known Hank during the war and Susan was an acquaintance of his. Suspicious characters follow them, led by a man named Danzer, who forces his way into their car. It turns out Kovaz was carrying forged documents worth a great deal of money. Gil, Susan and Nicki are held by Danzer's men, but they are rescued by the police, led by Luzon, although he is shot and killed. Gil ends up on the run, not sure whom to trust. The plot thickens when both Hank and Kovaz turn up, having parachuted to safety from the plane. In a final confrontation, Hank is killed, and he and Susan are both revealed to be government agents, working undercover. Gil is free to go, and Susan goes along.
Dysfunctional Friends	American	comedy	Corey Grant	The unexpected death of a quirky and wealthy friend has forced nine former friends to reunite at the funeral of their friend; years after graduating college and going their separate ways. After the funeral they learn from Ms. Stevens (Good) that they are all eligible for a big inheritance if they can just spend five days together at his former estate in which she will oversee. The stipulations of their friend's will is if anyone leaves before the five-day period, everyone sacrifices their portion of the estate. What first seems like a lighthearted reunion quickly turns for the worst as old wounds are reopened, and lingering grudges are resurrected. Many of the issues resurrected are created by Ebony's (Gomez-Preston) persistent eavesdropping. The unstable engagement between Lisa (Dash) and Jackson (Owens) is revealed as Jackson and Storm (Keibler) struggle to keep it a secret that they had a sexual relationship a few years ago when Jackson began to date Lisa. Storm didn't know about the relationship at the time and it increases the tension. Gary (Weaver) has become a porn director much to the disgust of all the women in the estate and is desperate to escape the porn industry. However, he is reluctant to admit it and when he approaches Trenyce (White) with screenplay for a movie whom is a struggling actress she assumes it's to do pornography which increases the tension in the household even more. An attempt to have a peaceful dinner with everyone fails as tempers flare and dark secrets are revealed creating new wounds between them all. A few of the friends begin feeling trapped in a mansion with people who know their darkest secrets grows increasingly unbearable and forces them to reconcile their ways. Some of which truly finding their way realizing one of their greatest mistakes was abandoning their friends.[1][3]
The Female Bunch	American	action	Al Adamson	After a string of bad times with men, Sandy tries to kill herself. Co-waitress Libby saves her and takes her to meet some female friends of hers who live on a ranch in the desert. Grace, the leader of the gang, puts Sandy through her initiation and they get on with the real job of running drugs across the Mexican border, hassling poor farmers, taking any man they please, and generally raising a little hell. Soon Sandy becomes unsure if this is the life for her, but it may be too late to get out.
Impulse	British	crime	Cy Endfield	Alan Curtis (Kennedy), an American real estate agent living in England, is dissatisfied with his humdrum life. With his wife Elizabeth (Shelton) on a lengthy vacation visiting her mother, he gives a ride to sultry nightclub-singer Lila (Smith) when he finds her stranded on the road. Curtis gets romantically involved with her and Lila tells him that her brother has gotten in trouble over a jewel robbery. In truth, Lila wants the stolen stones for herself. She tricks the wayward Curtis into believing that he killed a man after he buys them two tickets out of the country. He decides that it is better to face the music, opting to stay and confess. Lila, too, reconsiders, staying with Curtis until his name is cleared. After the true killers are revealed, Lila goes to jail as a participant in the robbery and Curtis returns to his wife, who forgives him.
The Pyrammmid	Russian	crime	Eldar Salavatov	Russia, early 1990's. Sergei Mamontov is looking for where to apply himself and his intellect. And so he orders a mock-up of a security paper with imperial script, rich ornament, watermarks and his own portrait in the center. An active advertising campaign begins. A little more than two weeks is enough to make people lined up for the mamonts. Powerful bankers and state structures are in confusion – no one has a clue how to stop it, and the MMM has already accumulated more than 10 million investors. Furthermore, Mamontov is concerned that there are no rich people in the country, and all Soviet industry is exposed to privatization. He accumulates private greed and decides to make honest privatization. His way is blocked by the agent of Western imperialism - Belyavsky (an allusion to Boris Berezovsky) with his MegaVAZ-bank (an allusion to LogoVAZ). Belyavsky comes from the top - he makes connections in the Kremlin and is in charge of television. Belyavsky proposes to share Russia. Mamontov refuses: I do not trade with Russia!, which attracts the financial inspectorate, who, without checking documents, imposes unthinkable demands for paying taxes upon him, which Mamontov executes. There is still enough money to ruin the bank of Belyavsky. In the country by that time are already 20 million investors and every week the number increases by a million, the mamont goes on par with ruble. Mamontov threatens to seize power with the help of investors who are facing ruin. During a one-minute audience with the President, Mamontov appears as a guardian for the state amid a corrupt environment and asks for a change in the law - to allow foreigners to be involved in their financial system in order to subordinate the Western oligarchy and thereby make Yeltsin's Russia leader of the world. But Belyavsky begins to threaten the life of Mamontov's daughter and he eventually falls into a trap. On the Ostankino Tower, the battered Mamontov again refuses to cooperate with Belyavsky, despite the proposed opportunity to become the head of state. Mamontov hopes to leave with his daughter, defending himself by having a recording of a conversation with a representative of the FCS (where he offered similar privileges), from his assistant Vera, but she, escaping from the people of Belyavsky, drops the recording in a park and on charges of non-payment of taxes, Mamontov gets in prison and comes out after 7 years.
The Public Eye	American	drama	Howard Franklin	In the 1940s, Leon Bernzy Bernstein is a freelance crime and street photographer for the New York City tabloids, dedicated to his vivid and realistic work and his unique ability to capture shots that nobody else can. He is very confident of his skills, declaring at one point, Nobody does what I do. Nobody. With a police radio under the dashboard of his car and a makeshift darkroom in his trunk, he quickly races to the scene of horrific crimes and accidents in order to snap exclusive photographs. He is so good at his job that he becomes known affectionately as the Great Bernzini. Bernzy meets a sultry widow, Kay Levitz, who owns a fancy nightclub. It seems the mob is muscling in on her due to some arrangement with her late husband. Kay asks if Bernzy could investigate an individual she considers troublesome. Generally unsuccessful with women, Bernzy agrees to help Kay, and he slowly begins to fall in love with her. After talking to his contacts, including journalist friend Arthur Nabler, he tracks down Kay's man, only to find him murdered. But when he calls the police, he becomes a suspect in the man's death. The police and the FBI are also very interested in this case. Bernstein makes a connection with a local gangster, Sal, uncovering a conspiracy involving a mob turf war about illegal gas rationing, and the Federal government. His activities get Sal killed and place Bernzy's life in great danger as he waits in hiding at an Italian restaurant where a mob hit is about to take place.
Curious George	American	animation	Matthew O'Callaghan	The introduction of the movie is a cartoon short where we are introduced to a happy, artistic, and mischievous but lonely little orphaned monkey somewhere in the jungle. Ted (Will Ferrell) is an employed guide at the Bloomsberry Museum. We are introduced to teacher Ms. Maggie Dunlop (Drew Barrymore) and her students who come to the museum often but they are the only regular visitors. Mr. Bloomsberry (Dick Van Dyke) heartbreakingly informs Ted that the museum will have to close because it is no longer making any money. Bloomsberry's son, Junior (David Cross), wants to tear down the museum and replace it with a parking garage. Ted is convinced to volunteer to go to Africa in place of Mr. Bloomsberry and bring back a mystical, forty foot tall idol known as the Lost Shrine of Zagawa in the hopes that it will attract customers, much to Junior's envy. Ted is outfitted with a hideous yellow suit (which causes people to laugh at him) and boards a cargo ship to Africa despite his embarrassment. With the help of a tour guide and tour group, Ted supposedly finds the idol, but discovers it to be only three inches tall, much to his disappointment. Ted also encounters the little monkey on his expedition to Africa and gives the monkey his yellow hat. The monkey, who quickly grows fond of Ted, follows him and boards the cargo ship, unknown to Ted. Ted returns home and enters his apartment, only to receive a call from Bloomsberry telling him to report to the museum, so Ted can do an interview on the news. The monkey follows Ted to his apartment, and is discovered busily repainting a posh apartment in full scale African animals and due to the strict no pets allowed policy, Ted is evicted by grumpy doorman Ivan (Ed O'Ross). Ted returns to the museum and reveals to Bloomsberry the idol's size. Ted is kicked out of the museum by Junior after the monkey accidentally destroys an Apatosaurus skeleton. Ted and the monkey sleep outside in the park, and the next morning, Ted follows the monkey into the zoo, where Maggie and her young students name the monkey George. George gets into trouble and begins dangerously floating away on balloons high up over the city, Ted takes flight as well. George's balloons are popped by spikes on a building and Ted saves him from falling to certain death. Ted and George make their way to the home of an inventor named Clovis (Eugene Levy), where George uses an overhead projector to increase the idol's size making it appear 40 feet tall. Ted and George head to the museum to show Bloomsberry the invention. Junior tries to convince his father that it would not be honest to fool the public, but the elder Bloomsberry sees it as the only way to save the museum. Wanting his parking garage, Junior foils Ted's plan by pouring a latte on the projector causing it to explode and frames George for it by giving the rest to him. Believing his life to be ruined, Ted allows animal control to take away George. Ted speaks with Ms. Maggie who helps Ted see what is really important in his life. Ted regrets the decision to give George to animal control, and boards George's cargo ship to get him back. Ted tells George that nothing else matters besides their buddyship. In the hold of the ship, George discovers that when reflected in light, the idol reveals a pictogram with the message turn your eye to the light, go from blindness to sight. It turns out that when held up to the sun, the small idol is actually a map to the real idol. They sail the ship back to Africa and George helps him find the real idol which is, indeed, forty feet tall. The idol is put in the museum, and the museum goes back in business and becomes more successful than ever when it becomes more hands-on because of the addition of Clovis's inventions, the interaction with Ms. Dunlop and her young students and, of course, George. Junior finally gets his parking garage but is upset that Ted is still working at the museum (and the fact that his plan didn't go the way he expected). Ivan invites Ted to move back to his apartment because he likes George, and Ted and Maggie almost start a romance, but George causes more trouble by starting up a rocket ship, forcing Ted to follow him.
The Lost People	British	drama	Muriel Box	After the Second World War, some British soldiers are guarding a theatre in Germany containing various refugees and prisoners trying to work out what to do with them. However, the displaced people, after uniting against fascism for five years, begin to disintegrate into their own petty feuds: Serb against Croat, Pole against Russian, resistance fighter against collaborator and everyone against the Jews. Two people, Jan and Lily, begin a romance and decide to wed. However, one of the refugees is diagnosed with bubonic plague.[2]
Old Mother Riley in Society	British	comedy	John Baxter	Old Mother Riley does the laundry for the dancers in the pantomime Aladdin, where her daughter Kitty works as a chorus girl. Sneaking a peek at the show one day, Mother Riley accidentally pops up through a trap door onto the stage. Accosted by the angry star, Mother Riley’s belligerent responses have the audience in stitches. Outraged, the star walks out, leaving Kitty to take over the leading role, to great success. Kitty is congratulated after the show by wealthy high society boy Tony Morgan, and the couple start to fall in love. Tony and Kitty eventually marry and move into the Morgan family mansion, taking Mother Riley with them, as Kitty’s personal maid. During a swanky party to introduce Kitty to Tony's upper class friends, rumours start up about Kitty’s former stage career. Kitty is about to confess her past, but Mother Riley — fearing this will have damaging effect on her daughter’s social standing — causes a disruption, then leaves a goodbye note and vanishes. Kitty tells Tony the truth, and the couple hire a detective to trace Mother Riley, but without success. Mother Riley works her way through a variety of dead end jobs after separating from Kitty, and ends up living in a dingey hostel and picking up degrading casual work as a dishwasher. A chance encounter with old friend Tug Mulligan results in her reunion with Kitty; Tony’s family explains they’re not high society after all, merely nouveau riche. We made our money in sausages, declares Lady Morgan; then we're all friends together, replies Mother Riley.[3][4]
Dattha	Kannada	action	Chi Guru Dutt	Datta (Darshan) & his friend Tingu (Komal) are small-time thieves. They get in the wrong books of drug peddler Basha. During one of their thefts, datta sees ramya and falls for her. In order to woo her, Datta returns what has been stolen in her house. Also pretends to be a well-educated person, polyglot and also acts as a Police Inspector. However, eventually she finds out and breaks up with him, also insulting him in the process. Later Datta is persuaded by a rich man (Srinath) who requests him to act like his son, so that his wife would recover from a bedridden sickness. This will be a plot by srinath to eliminate datta. Once his rivals finish datta who is enacting his son, he can bring back his original son and be assured of his safety. Datta, not knowing srinath's ploy goes out along with Srinath to his village, but is surprised that he is being constantly followed and attacked by rowdies; who he feel are henchmen of Basha. Ramya the daughter of Srinath's rival also tries to eliminate datta whom she feels is Srinath's son. How Datta unites the warring families forms the crux of the story.
Under Siege 2: Dark Territory	American	action	Geoff Murphy	Casey Ryback retires from the United States Navy and has settled in Denver, Colorado, owning and running a restaurant named Mile High Cafe, where he is also an executive chef. Sometime after, his estranged brother, James Ryback, dies in a plane crash. Casey meets James' daughter, Sarah, whom he will accompany to Los Angeles to attend his funeral. The two board the Grand Continental, a train traveling from Denver to Los Angeles through the Rocky Mountains. Onboard, they befriend a porter named Bobby Zachs as well as the train's chefs. As the train makes its approach to the Rocky Mountains, it is hijacked by armed mercenaries, led by former U.S. government computer hacker and computer genius Travis Dane with his right-hand man and mercenary leader Marcus Penn. Dane worked on Grazer One, a top-secret military satellite particle weapon designed to destroy underground targets. The military fired Dane due to his mental instability; Dane later faked his suicide. The mercenaries take the train's passengers and staff hostage, herding them into the last two cars. Casey kills one mercenary, then slips away. Among the hostages are two former US Department of Defense colleagues who worked with Dane. Dane threatens them with torture unless they reveal the codes to take over Grazer. Despite giving up the codes, they are thrown from the train into a deep valley. During the course of events, Zachs becomes Casey's sidekick. Middle Eastern terrorists have offered Dane $1 billion to destroy the Eastern seaboard by using Grazer to target a nuclear reactor located underneath the Pentagon. Dane demonstrates Grazer to investors by destroying a Chinese chemical weapons plant. After one investor offers an additional $100 million, Dane destroys an airliner carrying the investor's ex-wife. The U.S. government has difficulty locating Dane or Grazer. When officials destroy what they think is Grazer, Dane explains the NSA's premier intelligence satellite was destroyed instead. As long as the train keeps moving, his location cannot be determined. However, Casey faxes a message to his assistant manager at the Mile High Cafe, who contacts Admiral Bates. Bates reluctantly approves a stealth bomber strike to destroy the train. Zachs discovers that they are on the wrong tracks and on a collision course with a Southern Pacific freight train hauling gasoline tank cars. Since the trains are in dark territory, it was impossible for the train dispatchers to communicate with the trains' engineers to stop the trains to avoid collision. Dane and Penn plan to abandon most of the mercenaries to certain death with the hostages by leaving via helicopter with some of their elite members. Casey kills the mercenaries one by one and releases the hostages by uncoupling the last two cars, but Dane uses his computer skills to locate the stealth bombers and re-targets Grazer to knock them out before they can complete their mission. Meanwhile, Penn had previously captured Sarah and uses her as bait for Casey. Casey confronts Penn and breaks his neck after a fight that spills into the kitchen. Casey finds Dane about to depart in a chopper hovering over the train. When Dane informs Casey that there is no way to stop Grazer from destroying Washington, Casey shoots him. The bullet destroys Dane's computer, cellphone and injures Dane. Pentagon control of the satellite is restored and it is destroyed by remote control one second before it would have fired on the Pentagon. The Grand Continental and freight train collide on a trestle. Casey races through the exploding train and grabs a rope ladder dangling from the chopper. Dane, who had survived Casey's bullet, also catches on to the ladder. He attempts to climb into the helicopter, but falls to his death into the explosion when Casey shuts the helicopter door on his hands, severing his fingers. The explosion causes the helicopter to spin out of control, but the pilot is able to regain control. The only survivors of the incident being Casey, his niece Sarah, the porter Zachs, and the mercenary helicopter pilot (who Zachs has at gunpoint). Casey, having previously detached the last two cars from the rest of the train, informs the Pentagon that the passengers are safe. Later, Sarah and Casey pay their last respects at James' grave.
Voodoo Man	American	horror	William Beaudine	Nicholas (George Zucco) runs a filling station in the sticks. In reality, he is helping Dr. Richard Marlowe (Bela Lugosi) capture comely young ladies so he can transfer their life essences to his long-dead wife. Also assisting is Toby (John Carradine), who lovingly shepherds the left-over zombie girls and pounds on bongos during voodoo ceremonies. The hero is a Hollywood screenwriter who, at the end of the picture, turns the experience into a script titled Voodoo Man. When his producer asks who should star in it, the hero suggests ... Bela Lugosi.
East Meets West	British	drama	Herbert Mason	A small Middle Eastern state is coveted by the major powers for strategic reasons.[2]
Muppets Most Wanted	American	comedy	James Bobin	Following the events of the previous film, The Muppets find themselves at a loss as to what to do until Dominic Badguy suggests the Muppets go on a European tour with him as their tour manager. As the Muppets begin their tour, a criminal mastermind named Constantine, a near-exact double for Kermit the Frog in appearance, escapes from a Siberian Gulag and joins his subordinate Dominic to begin a plot to steal the Crown Jewels of the United Kingdom. Once the Muppets arrive in Berlin, Germany, Dominic secures them a show at a prestigious venue. Frustrated with the group's incessant requests and Miss Piggy's insistence they marry, Kermit goes for a walk at Dominic's suggestion. Constantine ambushes him and glues a fake mole onto his cheek then slips away. Mistaken for Constantine, Kermit is sent to the Gulag. Taking Kermit's place, Constantine's blunders in imitating him are covered by Dominic; however, Animal knows the truth. After the Berlin performance opens with Constantine freezing at the audience, Scooter has to introduce the show. Constantine and Dominic steal paintings from a museum while the Muppets perform. The next morning, Interpol agent Jean Pierre Napoleon and CIA agent Sam the Eagle grudgingly team up to apprehend the culprit whom Napoleon believes to be his nemesis The Lemur - the number-two criminal in the world. Meanwhile, Kermit has attempted several times to escape the Gulag but is thwarted each time by prison guard Nadya, who is not only aware of his true identity but is as infatuated with him as Miss Piggy is. Nadya orders Kermit to help organize the prisoners' annual talent show. Following hidden instructions on the stolen painting, Constantine and Dominic divert the tour to Madrid, Spain. Constantine allows the Muppets to perform whatever they wish, much to Walter's confusion. During this show, Constantine and Dominic break into a museum and destroy a roomful of busts to find a key needed for their plan. Even though the performance is a disaster, the Muppets receive critical acclaim. Sam and Napoleon deduce that the connection between the crimes is the Muppet tour, and the pair interrogates the Muppets, only to find that they are too ill-equipped to be guilty. The instructions on the stolen key lead Constantine and Dominic to schedule the next show in Dublin, Ireland. In Dublin, Walter discovers that Dominic has been giving away show tickets and bribing critics to ensure a packed house and rave reviews, while Fozzie Bear notices Kermit's resemblance to Constantine. They both realize that Constantine has taken Kermit's place and brought in Dominic as his accomplice. Constantine attacks Walter and Fozzie, but Animal fends him off and the three escape from the train to rescue Kermit. During the Dublin performance, Dominic steals a locket from a museum and Constantine proposes to Miss Piggy onstage; Piggy accepts, and the pair plan a ceremony to be held at the Tower of London in London, England, where the Crown Jewels are kept. Fozzie, Walter, and Animal reach the Siberian Gulag on the night of the performance, and Kermit uses it as a front to allow them, himself, and all the prisoners to escape the Gulag. Kermit, Fozzie, Walter, and Animal infiltrate the Tower as the wedding begins, and Dominic (with the help of Bobby Benson's Baby Band) manages to steal the jewels. Kermit interrupts the ceremony, revealing Constantine's ruse, but the crook takes Piggy hostage and flees to a helicopter, where he is intercepted by Dominic, who is actually the Lemur and intends to double-cross him. Constantine ejects him from the helicopter and tries to take off with Piggy, but Kermit jumps aboard and the rest of the Muppets climb atop each other to stop the escape. Kermit and Piggy knockout Constantine and both criminals are arrested. Nadya arrives in London to arrest Kermit for escaping. The other Muppets tell her that if she arrests him, then she will have to take all of them as well; she relents, allowing Kermit to go free. The Muppets perform at the Gulag with Constantine and the prisoners participating, ending the film.
Sawan Ko Aane Do	Bollywood	romance	Kanak Mishra	The movie captures the very heart of rural India. The story is quite simple like most Rajshri production movies. The plot starts off with Chandramukhi, the city educated daughter of the village zamindar arriving at Ramnagar, a typical village. There, she meets her childhood friend Birju, aka Brij Mohan. He has a lovely voice and she encourages him to pursue singing. His brothers love him very much and he is often excused for not working, but his sisters in law hate him for it. He has a young niece who likes him a lot. Eventually, Brij and Chandramukhi fall in love. But Chandramukhi's father cuts it abruptly and sends her to Lucknow. A short while later, Brij arrives at Lucknow. Gitanjali, who happens to be Chandramukhi's friend is thrilled by his voice and helps him get a job at Aakashvani through her father. Brij returns to Ramnagar to ask Chandramukhi's hand in marriage, but is once again rebuked. By this time, her family has lost its wealth in a court case and she becomes a teacher at the local school. He returns and goes on to become a great singer in Mumbai with Gita by his side. Always, he yearns for Chandra as she yearns for him. How he manages to marry her forms the rest of the story.
Let's Be Cops	American	comedy	Luke Greenfield	Two longtime friends, Justin Miller (Wayans), a struggling video game designer, and Ryan O'Malley (Johnson), an unemployed, washed-up former college quarterback, recall a pact they once made: if they hadn't made it in Los Angeles by the time they were thirty, they would head back to their Columbus hometown. As they leave a bar, their car is hit by a Mercedes Benz G500 driven by an Albanian gang, who intimidate them into not retaliating. Justin attempts to pitch a video game about policemen, but the idea is rudely dismissed by his boss, Todd. Later, Ryan convinces him to use the police uniforms from his presentation as costumes for their college reunion party. Upon attending, they meet many successful former classmates and both are confronted with a sense of failure and they mutually accept to honor their pact. As they walk home, they are treated like real cops and decide to enjoy the gag. They kick the Albanian gang out of Georgie's, a local diner. It allows Justin to finally get the attention of Josie, a waitress to whom he is attracted and who works at the said diner. Ryan decides to take the hoax further than one night. He learns official procedures on YouTube and buys a used Ford Crown Victoria police cruiser, modifying it with decals to resemble a real LAPD car. Although reluctant, Justin agrees to continue the charade, and through it, begins a relationship with Josie. Ryan gets revenge on the Albanians who hit his car, unaware they are actually mobsters blackmailing the owner of Georgie’s. During their many shenanigans, Ryan and Justin end up on a real distress call with Patrol Officer Segars. The experience shakes Justin, who realizes they face serious jail time if exposed. He tries to “retire,” but gets a phone call from Josie about a man frequently harassing her at work. It turns out to be Mossi Kasic, the leader of the same Albanian gang. Once more, the pair are intimidated into doing nothing. Via Segars, Ryan obtains surveillance equipment to gather evidence and put Mossi away, along with an unidentified partner who has been investigating the pair. Ryan convinces Justin to do an undercover operation to obtain information on an incriminating shipment of crates. During the mission, they discover the crates full of SWAT equipment and weapons, along with secret tunnels that run between Mossi's club and Georgie’s restaurant. This necessitates the acquisition of the restaurant, explaining the blackmail. After a few close encounters with the mobsters, they barely escape. Fed up, Justin insists on mailing the evidence anonymously, but Ryan, finding purpose in his life again, is set on delivering it personally. They fight, and part ways. Ryan brings his evidence to Segars, who recommends it go to the highest authority, which is Detective Brolin. Unfortunately, Brolin is actually Mossi's business partner. After instantly recognizing each other, Ryan makes it out of the station, but his sudden threat has blown their cover. Meanwhile, Justin decides to man up and, in uniform, assertively pitches his game again. One of Brolin's officers shows up to try and kill him, inadvertently helping to sell the pitch. Ryan is abducted, and Mossi sends a threatening message to Justin. Overwhelmed, Justin pleas to Segars for help after admitting everything. He also confesses to Josie that he is not a real cop, which he had made previous attempts to do, and she disgustedly leaves him. Justin goes into the tunnels alone while Ryan pits Mossi and Brolin against each other, prompting Mossi to shoot and kill the detective. Justin attempts to save his friend, but is overpowered. Segars arrives, causing Mossi and his crew to retreat. Segars admonishes the duo for their deception and orders them to leave before going after the mobsters, without waiting for backup. Ryan and Justin agree they can’t abandon him, and suit up with the SWAT equipment. They save Segars, but he becomes incapacitated. The pair then face Mossi alone, during which the two reconcile. They fail to take him out, but luckily, Segars is able to show up and shoots Mossi on the side of the neck, saving Justin and Ryan. Thanks to the respective confidence and motivation gained during their impersonations, Justin has become a successful game developer, while Ryan graduates from the police academy as a true, fully-fledged member of the LAPD. Justin apologizes to Josie, and after she forgives him, they rekindle their relationship. Ryan, however, still has not given up on their fun as cops together, and convinces Justin to don the fake uniform once again and join him on patrol.
Intimate Reflections	British	drama	Don Boyd	Robert and Jane are a middle-aged couple grieving over a dead daughter. Michael and Zonny are a young couple with a bright future ahead of them. The film dwells on their parallel lives.
Running Scared	American	action	Peter Hyams	Ray Hughes (Hines) and Danny Costanzo (Crystal) are two police officers working on Chicago's North Side, known for their wisecracking demeanors and unorthodox police methods, which get results in their various cases. One such case involves trying to bust up-and-coming drug dealer Julio Gonzales (Jimmy Smits). After arresting Snake (Joe Pantoliano), one of Julio’s associates, they convince him to wear a wire in order to get the necessary evidence to put Julio away. When they approach the meeting place (a cargo ship) they find that Gonzales has acquired a large store of Israeli Uzi submachine guns. Snake is setting the detectives up, however, prompting the detectives to rush in by acting as though Gonzales was preparing to kill him. Gonzales reveals his ambition to be the next godfather of Chicago, but chastises Snake for letting the detectives get close, and Snake is shot dead by a subordinate. The pair look as though they will be killed for sure, but two undercover detectives in Julio’s gang step in to make the arrest. In the ensuing gun battle, most of Julio’s gang escape, but Ray and Danny capture Gonzales. Back at the station Ray and Danny expect to be praised, but instead their captain (Dan Hedaya) chastises them for their sloppy work (as revealed by Snake’s wire) and orders them to take a vacation. On vacation in Key West, Florida, the pair begin to question their career choice after the experience and decide to retire and open a bar. When they return to Chicago and inform the captain of their intentions, they find out that Gonzales has been released and is free on bail. Incensed, they vow to capture Gonzales before retiring, but by being a little more careful in the process. To add insult to injury, Captain Logan assigns them the additional task of training their replacements before they go. They must train detectives Anthony Montoya (Jon Gries) and Frank Sigliano (Steven Bauer), none other than the two undercover officers that saved them from being killed in the Gonzales bust. Logan wants the replacements to be the best of the worst and orders them never to let him catch them doing anything Ray and Danny teaches them. During one of the attempts to capture Gonzales, Ray and Danny confiscate a large shipment of cocaine coming from Colombia. In order to get them back, Gonzales kidnaps Danny’s ex-wife Anna (Darlanne Fluegel), whom he still loves and has been trying to reconcile with, and says he will trade her for his drugs, otherwise he will kill her. Danny agrees, leading to the final confrontation inside the high-rise atrium of the James R. Thompson Center. During the ensuing fight, Danny and Ray ironically rescue their would-be protégés in a way similar to their own rescuing, and Gonzales is killed. Anna and Danny reconcile and he and Ray decide not to retire after all.
The Strangers	American	horror	Bryan Bertino	James Hoyt and his girlfriend Kristen McKay arrive at James' remote childhood summer home, tired and irritable after a long evening at a friend's wedding reception. At the wedding, James proposed to Kristen and she refused. James calls his friend Mike and asks him pick him up in the morning. Shortly after 4 a.m., there is a loud knock at the door. A young blonde woman, whose face is hiding in the shadows, asks for Tamara. When told that she is at the wrong house, she leaves with the casual caveat that she will See them later. Due to the tension between them, James leaves to go for a drive and purchase a pack of cigarettes for Kristen; before he departs, he starts a fire in the hearth. Shortly after he leaves, Kristen realizes the chimney flue is closed, and attempts to open it; while she does this, smoke emanating from the fire triggers a smoke alarm. Kristen attempts to disarm the smoke alarm when she is startled by another knock at the door; she drops the alarm on the floor and retreats to the bedroom, unnerved. She calls James' cellphone from the landline, but their call is cut short. She returns to the kitchen, where, unbeknownst to her, a man in a sack mask watches her from an adjacent hallway. In the living room, Kristen notices the smoke alarm she left on the floor is now sitting on a chair, and realizes someone else has been in the house. Upon going to retrieve her cell phone from the wall charger, she finds it is missing, and begins to panic. When she hears a noise from the backyard, she arms herself with a knife, and opens the curtains to find the man in the mask, staring at her. She stumbles into the hallway, and watches as the front door unlatches. When she goes to push the door closed, she sees the blonde woman outside, now in a dollface mask. After locking the door, Kristen hides in the bedroom and hears the strangers outside banging violently against the walls of the house. The noise eventually stops and James returns to the home. After she explains what has happened, he goes outside to the car to get his phone, whereupon he find the car ransacked and sees Dollface watching him from afar. The couple attempt to leave in James' car but another woman in a Pin-up mask rear-ends them with a pickup truck, forcing them to flee. Back inside the house, Kristen and James find a shotgun and wait for the intruders in a bedroom. One of the strangers enters and put on a country record on the turntable, filling the house with music. Mike arrives and realizes something is wrong after seeing the smashed car in the driveway. He enters the house, and James, mistaking him for one of the strangers, shoots him dead. Devastated, James remembers an old radio transmitter in the backyard shed. He leaves and encounters Pin-up searching the backyard with a flashlight. When James tries to shoot her, the Man in the Mask knocks him unconscious, discharging the gun in the process. Kristen hears the shot, and runs to the shed. She finds the radio, but Pin-up smashes it with an sledgehammer. Kristen rushes back to the house, where she encounters Dollface, who taunts her. She tries to leave but is incapacitated by the Man in the Mask. James and Kristen awaken at dawn, and find themselves tied to chairs in the living room with the masked strangers standing before them. Kristen asks them why they are doing this, to which Dollface replies, Because you were home. The strangers then unmask themselves to the couple offscreen, and take turns stabbing the couple in the stomach and chest before leaving the home. As they drive away in the pickup truck, they ride past two young Mormon boys on bicycles distributing religious tracts door-to-door. Dollface gets out of the truck and asks for a tract. The boy asks if she's a sinner and she replies, Sometimes. The strangers drive away, as Pin-up states, It'll be easier next time. The two boys come upon the house and discover the chaotic scene, including the bodies of Kristen, James, and Mike inside. One of the boys approach Kristen's body, and as he reaches out to her, she wakes up and screams revealing she is still alive.
Jeremy	American	romance	Arthur Barron	Jeremy Jones (Benson) is a shy, bespectacled Jewish fifteen-year-old living in a New York City apartment with his parents, who are busy with their own pursuits and leave him mostly on his own. He attends a private high school that focuses on the performing arts, where he is a serious student of cello who aspires to musical greatness. He has an after-school job as a dog walker. His other interests include reading poetry, playing chess and basketball, and following horse racing, where he can consistently pick winners, though he never places a bet himself. At school, he enters an empty classroom looking for chalk, sees a girl (O'Connor) inside practicing ballet, and is instantly smitten with her beauty. They talk briefly, but he is flustered and completely forgets to ask her name. He later finds out she is a new student named Susan Rollins, and that she is older than him and in a higher grade. Jeremy follows her from a distance for a few days, but is too shy to approach her, so his more confident friend Ralph takes matters into his own hands and explains the situation to her, and she sends the message back to Jeremy that he should call her. However, Jeremy decides not to call after seeing her walking with a handsome older boy. Shortly afterwards, Susan attends a school recital where Jeremy plays the cello as a featured soloist. She is impressed by his playing and congratulates him afterwards, motivating him to finally call her and ask her out. On their first date, Jeremy finds out that Susan's mother is dead, and that she and her father just moved to New York from Detroit so her father could take a new job. Susan and Jeremy enjoy each other's company and they begin walking to school together every day, visiting places such as the park and racetrack, and generally spending a lot of time together for the next three weeks. Jeremy confides to Ralph that he is falling in love. One rainy afternoon while playing chess in Jeremy's room, Susan and Jeremy profess their love for each other and then make love for the first time. Susan then returns home, only to find that her father has been offered a better job back in Detroit, so they will be leaving New York immediately, within the next couple of days. Susan tries to explain to her father that she is in love with Jeremy, but her father doesn't take it seriously because he thinks that the three weeks and four days that Susan and Jeremy have been seeing each other is not long enough to form a deep relationship. The next day a tearful Susan tells Jeremy the news and he is likewise stunned. He tries to reach out to both his father and Ralph to talk with them about his feelings, but neither one is receptive. In the end, Susan and Jeremy sadly say goodbye at the airport and she departs, leaving Jeremy alone again.
Endukante... Premanta!	Telugu	romance	A. Karunakaran	The film begins with Vizag/Chennai (in Tamil version) being shown in 1980 in which a ladies college bus makes its scheduled bus stop. Krishna (Ram), standing at the bus stop, keeps looking at Srinidhi (Tamannaah), whom he loves, but doesn't express it. He has been doing that for the last three years but without any response from her. Srinidhi also likes Krishna, but does not reveal it, as she fears by doing so, she may put her family in trouble. On the last day of the college, Krishna decides to propose to her. So he disguises himself in a 'burqa' and boards the bus. However, the bus conductor recognises him and forces the bus driver to stop the bus. However, before he could stop it, the bus gets involved in an accident. Krishna saves Srinidhi from the mishap, but is killed in the process. Shocked about Krishna's death, Srinidhi dies at the grave of Krishna. The film moves to 2012 in Paris, where Sravanthi (Tamannah), daughter of the Indian Ambassador to France (Suman) and a medical student, is leading a stifling life due to her father's security around her. She wants to break away from this life and live with freedom. She fantasizes an unidentified person in her dream every day, falls for him and she promises her friends to marry him if her dream comes true, whoever he may be. One day, when her father had to leave the country due to his professional commitments, she stealthily escapes from her home and goes on a tour of the whole country side with her friends and is able to free herself at last from the security around her. Ram (Ram) is a happy-go-lucky guy who is a headache to his father (Sayaji Shinde) as he does not take life seriously. So his father tricks him and sends him to Paris for a job, which he arranges through his friend (Nagineedu) without the knowledge of Ram. One day Ram sees Sravanthi standing on a railing of the bridge over a river and forces her to get down. They soon get acquainted and friendship blossoms between them. Meanwhile, Sravanthi's father is worried that she has not returned since he left and asks his Chief Security Officer DK (Richard Rishi) to find her. Sravanthi and Ram both want to leave for India. Ram gets his passport by bluffing Sravanthi's father. However, at the airport, he is not able to find Sravanthi and leaves for India alone. After reaching India, he finds Sravanthi to his surprise at the airport. She tells him to meet a specific doctor in a specific hospital and disappears. On meeting the doctor, he finds Sravanthi in the hospital ICU. Sravanthi reveals that Ram has been talking to the soul of Sravanthi. She went into a coma after an accident which was a part of conspiracy hatched by DK and his agent in India (Kona Venkat). Only Ram can see and hear her, owing to their previous lives. Ram protects Sravanthi's body when he notices that any harm to her body will harm the soul, by taking her to his aunt (Anu Hassan)'s hospital. His aunt tells him that she can survive and come out of coma if and only if a German medicine is given three doses at exactly the same time (every 48 hours) but at different periods. She goes to a very powerful person who can sense beneath the lives and asks him why only Ram can see Sravanthi. The person tells her it is the will of god and after she goes from there he replies to his student that this is happening because Ram and Sravanthi's love failed since the past 6 lives and it wants to fulfil itself in this last life. First dose is given to Sravanthi's body without much of a problem. Meanwhile, DK tries to kill Sravanthi by having her body kidnapped, but Ram is able to rescue her body and give the second dose. In the end, DK gets hold of Ram when he goes to get the last dose of medicine. After a fight, Sravanthi is given the third and last dose but DK removes the oxygen cylinder and its supply to Sravanthi. He somehow saves her and she recovers, but fails to recognise Ram. Sravanthi's father arrives at the very moment and gets Ram arrested for cheating him. But he later apologies to Ram after learning of the risk he faced to save his daughter, and gets ready to leave Paris that night with Sravanthi. Their car tyre gets punctured and meanwhile, Sravanthi sees the same location she witnesses in her dream and also sees a person kicking a coke tin which hits her. When she goes towards him to see him, the person is none other than Ram. Sravanthi is surprised to this and when she touches Ram's hand she recollects everything that happened between them this life even in her soul form and expresses her love by hugging him. At last they both get married.
Silsila Hai Pyar Ka	Bollywood	romance	Shrabrani Deodar	Vanshika Mathur (Karishma Kapoor), an orphan who lives with her aunt (Aruna Irani), is a simple middle-class girl desperately in search of a job. Eventually she gets a job with Mr. Sinha (Alok Nath), a very successful businessman. Mr. Sinha is a widower who has a son Abhay (Chandrachur Singh). Abhay has grown up with his maternal uncle, Rakesh (Shakti Kapoor), a four-time divorce, whose motto is Stay unmarried and lead a Bohemian lifestyle. Abhay is strongly influenced by his uncle and has grown into a flamboyant, arrogant, spoilt brat who has never put in a day's work at the family business. Mr. Sinha is obviously perturbed to the point of distress by the lifestyle his son leads - partying all night and sleeping through the day. He is determined to get his son back on the right track. In order to get Abhay into the office, he entices him with the idea of a young female secretary. He succeeds. Abhay meets Vanshika at the office. He is disgusted. She is flustered, but hopelessly in love. The rest of the film is a roller-coaster ride - a clash of the value system of the idealistic Vanshika and the non-existent morals of the wayward Abhay. But there are some unexpected twists, strange encounters (with Jabbar Khashogi-Danny Denzongpa) and unusual events courtesy of Johnny Lever on this exciting ride. Will Vanshika win Abhay over? Yet again, will love triumph against all odds?
Khud-Daar	Bollywood	drama	Ravi Tandon	Govind (Amitabh Bachchan) and Rajesh (Vinod Mehra) are two brothers who are happy being brought up by their considerably older stepbrother Hari (Sanjeev Kumar). However, when Hari has to leave home for two months to complete his law degree, his newly married wife Seema (Tanuja), jealous of her husband's excessive affection for the two, illtreats them, forcing them to leave home and escape to Mumbai. After days spent doing menial labour, the two brothers are finally given a home by the widower Rahim (A. K. Hangal), who has a son Anwar and daughter Farida. Govind takes on the responsibility of providing for his brother's education by becoming the taxi-driver Chhotu Ustad. Rajesh, however, is ambitious and foppish, and spurns his brother and the latter's pride by marrying the rich Seth Verma's daughter Manju (Bindiya Goswami) and staying at his father-in-law's mansion. Verma's brother Bansi (Prem Chopra), who has actually been instrumental in fixing up this marriage, employs the unsuspecting Rajesh to carry on a drug-smuggling trade using the vehicles of the Verma Transport Company, owned by the Seth. One such operation is foiled by the police, and Anwar, also mixed up in his business, is left seriously injured. Bansi's men attempt to kidnap Anwar to destroy evidence when Govind is not at home. In the skirmish that ensues, Rahim is shot fatally. In the aftermath of the tragedy and Rajesh's realisation of how he has been used by Bansi, Rajesh seeks his brother's mercy. However, at this very moment, Bansi murders Seth Verma and tries to frame Rajesh for it. However, it is Govind who is found at the scene of the crime and accused of murder. The judge at his trial is Hari, who is now one of the leading legal eagles in the city. In the course of the trial, the real identity of the accused and his brother are revealed to Hari. Hari now steps down as judge and becomes Govind's defense attorney. Through a series of astute investigations, he unearths the truth. Bansi, cornered, attempts to shoot Hari and escapes the courtroom, but is finally tracked down by Govind in his beloved taxi 'Basanti'. As the smuggler is arrested, the three brothers are reconciled.
Sure Fire	American	western	John Ford	As described in a film magazine,[2] easy going rancher Jeff Bransford (Gibson) returns to his ancestral acres and finds them heavily mortgaged and about to be foreclosed and the hired men defended them with guns. He tries to borrow money to satisfy the mortgage but is unsuccessful. That night a robbery is committed on a neighboring farm with five thousand dollars stolen from Major Parker (MacQuarrie), and suspicion is thrown upon Jeff. After much hard riding and several stiff fights, the real culprits are apprehended and Jeff is vindicated. Parker had intended to loan Jeff some money to help with his difficulties. In return, Jeff saves the married Elinor Parker (Brunette) from running away with a worthless scamp and causing a scandal.
Serious Charge	British	drama	Terence Young	An unmarried vicar, the Reverend Howard Phillips (Anthony Quayle), newly arrived in the parish, attempts to get local 19-year-old thug and petty criminal Larry Thompson (Andrew Ray) to face up to his responsibilities to Mary Williams (Leigh Madison), the naive young girl he has made pregnant. When Howard threatens to tell his coffee-bar friends, Larry trashes the room and fakes a struggle. As a dishevelled Larry leaves, Hester Peters (Sarah Churchill) arrives, and he tells her that Howard interfered with him. Hester is the daughter of the parish’s previous clergyman and has become infatuated with the athletic and handsome new vicar. However, having earlier seen a young girl leaving the vicarage late one night (Mary, who had sought the vicar's advice about her pregnancy), Hester jumps to the conclusion the two are romantically linked and, a fury like a woman scorned,[1] chooses to believe Larry's account. Shortly afterwards, Mary chances across Larry kissing another girl, blindly flees across the road into the path of a car, and is killed. As a consequence of the malicious accusation, Howard is subjected to ridicule and abuse by his parishioners; his car's tyres are slashed and he receives poison pen letters. When his mother (Irene Browne) learns of events, knowing about Hester's romantic interest in Howard, she quickly comprehends the situation, takes Hester to task and persuades her to accept Howard's account. Larry duly receives his come-uppance at the hands of his father.[2] The film includes a cameo role by Cliff Richard, then a teenage pop idol, as Larry Thompson's younger brother, Curley. Richard sings three songs, although none is heard in its entirety: No Turning Back, Mad About You, and Living Doll – the last is a different version from that which became a No. 1 hit in the British charts. A fellow delinquent was played by another 1950s rock and roll star, the uncredited Jess Conrad in an early acting performance. There are fleeting images of female nudity in the scenes of the young people in the lido, very unusual for British films of that era.
Green Hat	Chinese	drama	Liu Fendou	Wang Yao (Liao Fan) is a criminal. Along with two friends, he prepares one last heist with the plan that he will head to the United States afterward for a reunion with a girlfriend he has not seen in two years. After the successful robbery of a bank, Wang stops at a small grocery store to call his girlfriend, who ceremoniously dumps him. Distraught, Wang takes the grocery store's proprietor hostage when she demands payment for the long-distance phone call. When the police arrives, one of their number (Li Congxi) offers to take the place of the hostage. Wang agrees, and then promptly commits suicide after asking the shocked officer, What is love? The film then shifts its attention to the police officer, who now begins to face the fact that his wife (Li Mei) has been carrying on an affair with a swimming coach (Hai Yitian). Struggling from sexual inadequacy and humiliation, the officer decides to confront his wife and her lover.
Scrubbers	British	drama	Mai Zetterling	Two girls escape from an open borstal. Annetta (Chrissie Cotterill) wants to visit her baby daughter who is being raised in a convent. Carol (Amanda York) plans to be recaptured and sent to the closed borstal where her girlfriend Doreen is being held. Carol's plan works, but she is devastated to find that Doreen has a new girlfriend. Doreen and the girlfriend taunt Carol. Annetta is arrested at the convent and sent to the same closed borstal. She assumes Carol grassed her up and proceeds to plan her revenge. Inmate Eddie professes her love for Carol and offers protection, so Carol begins a relationship with her. Annetta's constant bullying attempts keep her in solitary confinement. When Eddie is released Carol loses her protection and Annetta plans another attack.
Cinderella	American	romance	Kenneth Branagh	After losing her mother at a young age, Ella promises to follow her mother's dying wishes: to have courage and be kind. Some years later, Ella's father remarries Lady Tremaine, the widow of an old acquaintance, who has two daughters of her own, Drisella and Anastasia. Ella welcomes her new stepfamily, despite the stepsisters' unpleasant attitudes. When Ella's father goes abroad for business, Lady Tremaine slowly reveals her cruel and jealous nature, as she pushes Ella to give up her bedroom to the stepsisters for the attic. When Ella's father unexpectedly dies during the trip, Lady Tremaine dismisses the household to save money and forces all of the chores on Ella. One morning, when her stepfamily see Ella's face covered in cinders due to her sleeping by the fireplace for warmth, they mock Ella as Cinderella and forbid her from eating with them. Crushed by their cruelty, Ella rides off into the woods, where she meets Kit, the crown prince, posing as a palace apprentice, along with his hunting party. Though Ella is unaware of Kit's true identity, they both take a liking to each other. The two part without Kit learning Ella's name. The King, upon learning he has little time left to live, urges Kit that, for the advantage of the kingdom, he should take a princess for his bride at the upcoming royal ball. Kit persuades his father to also invite every eligible maiden in the kingdom to the ball, hoping to see Ella again. Upon receiving notice of the ball, Ella finds a gown that had once belonged to her late mother and decides to refashion it for the ball. On the night of the ball, Ella tries to join her stepfamily, but Lady Tremaine and her daughters tear her dress to shreds and leave without her. Ella runs into the garden in tears and meets an old beggar woman, who reveals herself to be her Fairy Godmother. To help Ella attend the ball, her Fairy Godmother magically transforms a pumpkin into a golden carriage, her four mice into white horses, two lizards into footmen, and a goose into the coachman. She then transforms Ella's ripped dress into a gorgeous blue gown, complete with a pair of magical glass slippers. As Ella leaves for the ball, the Fairy Godmother warns her the spell will break at the last stroke of midnight. Finally, she casts a spell to keep Ella's stepmother and stepsisters from recognizing her. At the ball, the entire court is entranced by Ella when she appears. Ella and Kit proceed to have their first dance. This is much to the chagrin of the Grand Duke, who has promised Kit to Princess Chelina of Zaragoza, a comment which Lady Tremaine overhears. While surprised at Kit's true identity, Ella continues to bond with him, touring the palace grounds. As Ella is about to tell Kit her name, Ella hears the clock start to chime midnight and flees. As she flees the castle, one of her slippers falls off. After being pursued by the Grand Duke and his men, Ella manages to escape home before the final stroke of midnight chimes, causing the spell to wear off. After returning home, Ella hides the remaining glass slipper left behind under the floorboards of her bedroom. The King passes away soon after, but not before giving his son permission to marry Ella. Now King, Kit issues a royal proclamation ordering every maiden in the kingdom to try on the slipper in an effort to find the girl. Ella hurries to retrieve the glass slipper to prove her identity, only to find her stepmother holding it. Having deduced that Ella is the mystery princess, Lady Tremaine tells her stepdaughter about her own tragic past and of the bitter effects it has caused on her life. She blackmails Ella to be made head of the royal household and that respectable husbands are found for the stepsisters, as conditions in order to give Ella's hand in marriage to Kit. When Ella refuses to meet her demands, Lady Tremaine smashes the slipper and locks Ella in the attic. Lady Tremaine then takes the shattered remains of the slipper to the Grand Duke, and has him agree to make her a countess and securing marriages for her daughters, in exchange for keeping Ella hidden. The Grand Duke and the captain of the palace guards lead the mission to find the mystery princess, but the slipper refuses to fit any other maiden. When they arrive at the Tremaine estate, the shoe fits neither of the stepsisters. As they turn to leave, Ella's singing of Lavender's Blue is heard. The Grand Duke tries to ignore this, but Kit, disguised as a guard, commands the captain to investigate. Dismissing Lady Tremaine's attempts to stop her, Ella is reunited with Kit. They leave the house as Ella offers forgiveness to her stepmother. Afterward, the Fairy Godmother states that Ella's stepfamily and the Grand Duke are exiled from the kingdom, never to return. Ella and Kit marry and eventually grow to become the land's most beloved monarchs, ruling with the same courage and kindness that Ella has promised her mother, living happily ever after.
Evil Dead II	American	horror	Sam Raimi	Ash Williams and his girlfriend, Linda, take a romantic vacation to a seemingly abandoned cabin in the woods. While in the cabin, Ash plays a tape of archaeologist Raymond Knowby, the cabin's previous inhabitant, reciting passages from the Book of the Dead, Necronomicon Ex-Mortis, which he has discovered during an archaeological dig. The recorded incantation unleashes an evil force that kills and later possesses Linda, turning her into a deadite. Ash is then forced to decapitate his girlfriend with a shovel and bury her near the cabin. At dawn, the evil spirit throws Ash through the woods. Ash briefly becomes possessed by the demon, but when day breaks the spirit is gone, and Ash returns to normal. Ash atempts to flee the area, but finds that the bridge leading to the cabin has been destroyed. The spirit chases Ash back to the cabin where Linda's revived head attacks him, biting his hand. Ash brings Linda's severed head to the shed, where her headless body attacks him with a chainsaw. Ash gains the upper hand and slashes the relentless deadite Linda to death, killing her a second and final time. Then Ash's possessed right hand tries to kill him, and Ash is forced to sever his hand with his chainsaw. Ash then attempts to shoot the severed hand hiding in the wall of the cabin. The hand mocks him and ultimately gets away. Meanwhile, Knowby's daughter, Annie, and her research partner, Ed Getley, return from the dig with the missing pages of the Necronomicon in tow, only to find the destroyed bridge. They enlist the help of locals Jake and Bobby Joe to guide them along an alternate trail to the cabin. The four of them find an embattled Ash, who is, seemingly, slowly being driven insane by the demon, such as hallucinating that the room comes to life with objects in the room laughing hysterically at him. The four new arrivals meet Ash at the cabin and listen to a recording of Knowby detailing how his wife Henrietta was possessed by the Evil Force, forcing him to kill her. They find Mrs. Knowby, now a deadite, in the cabin's root cellar, and it attacks and possesses Ed; Ash dismembers him with an axe. Bobby Joe tries to escape but is attacked by the demon trees and dragged to her death. Annie translates two of the pages before Jake turns on them and throws the pages into the cellar, holding them at gunpoint to force them to go look for Bobby Joe. Ash is possessed once again and turns on his remaining companions, incapacitating Jake. Annie retreats to the cabin and accidentally stabs Jake (mistaking him for the demon) and drags him to the cellar door, where he is killed by Henrietta in a gory bloodbath. Deadite Ash tries to kill Annie, but returns to his normal self when he sees his girlfriend Linda's necklace. Ash, with Annie's help, modifies the chainsaw and attaches it to his stump, where his right hand had been. Ash eventually finds the missing pages of the Necronomicon and kills Henrietta, who has turned into a long-necked monster. After Ash kills Henrietta, Annie chants an incantation that sends the Evil Force back to its origin. The incantation opens up a whirling temporal vortex/portal which not only draws in the evil force, but nearby trees, Ash's Oldsmobile Delta 88, and Ash himself. Meanwhile, Ash's severed possessed hand stabs Annie. Ash and his Oldsmobile land in the year 1300 AD. He is then confronted by a group of knights who initially mistake him for a deadite, but they are quickly distracted when a real one shows up. Ash blasts the harpy-like deadite with his shotgun and is hailed as a hero who has come to save the realm, at which point he breaks down and screams in anguish.
The Long Riders	American	western	Walter Hill	During the years following the Civil War, banks and trains become the targets of the James-Younger gang, outlaws who terrorize the Midwestern United States. The band of robbers is led by Jesse James and Cole Younger, along with several of their brothers. A detective, Mr. Rixley from the Pinkerton's agency, is assigned to capture the outlaws. Leading his own large team of men, Rixley doggedly remains on their trail, killing several innocent relatives of the gang in the process. By the time, at Clell Miller's suggestion, the James-Younger Gang rides far north in September 1876 to rob a bank belonging to squareheads in Northfield, Minnesota, word is out about them and the town has been warned by the Pinkertons. The holdup goes wrong in every way. The bank's vault has been set on a timer and cannot be opened. A cashier and another citizen are shot and killed. While trying to escape, the gang is fired upon by the townspeople, who, setting a trap, have barricaded both ends of the main street. Two outlaws, both recently recruited by Jesse, are killed, Clell is fatally gutshot, Frank is hit in the arm, and all of the Youngers are badly wounded. Finally escaping Northfield, the surviving gang members temporarily make camp in some woods. Clell Miller is dying. Jim Younger, sporting more than several wounds, cannot speak due to a bullet piercing his cheek. Bob Younger, flat on his back, moans pitifully, shot multiple times. Cole Younger, seeming the most mobile of his siblings, has (as later reported by a physician) been hit by no less than eleven bullets. Frank James has only one minor injury. Jesse James appears to have escaped unscathed. Hard decisions have to be made. A posse will be soon coming for the outlaws. Miller is on his last breaths. The three Younger brothers are so injured that they are unable to continue. Only Jesse and Frank James are in any condition to ride further. Even though it is his gang, and they follow his commands, Jesse elects to leave all the badly wounded behind. Frank reluctantly agrees. Cole objects, implying that it is disloyal to abandon them, but Jesse ignores him, while Frank declares that he has to abide by his brother's decision. The James brothers return home to Missouri. An attempt is made by Pinkerton Rixley to make the Youngers, now in a prison hospital, reveal where the Jameses can be found. Rixley states that the Youngers will face life in prison (the state of Minnesota does not have the death penalty), but he offers them a more lenient sentence if they betray the James brothers. The Youngers, despite their abandonment, refuse to inform on the Jameses. Jesse, not terribly affected by the disastrous Northfield raid, chooses to recruit a new gang. Bob and Charlie Ford, previously spurned in their efforts to join Jesse's outfit, are now invited to Jesse's home for dinner. The expectation is that Jesse will ask the two brothers to join him in further robberies. However, having made a prior deal with Rixley for a lucrative reward, Bob and Charlie shoot an unsuspecting Jesse James in the back while he straightens a picture frame. Upon learning of his brother's assassination, Frank James surrenders his gun and turns himself in to Rixley, but only on the condition that he can first attend his brother's funeral. Rixley suggests that he might not agree to such terms, whereupon Frank declares that he will kill him if he refuses. A train transports a wooden coffin bearing the body of Jesse James. Frank James, handcuffed to Rixley, stands at the railcar door, looking out, noting the people beside the tracks, paying their final respects to his brother, as the train passes by.
Collector	Malayalam	action	Anil C Menon	Avinash Varma (Suresh Gopi) is the District Collector of Ernakulam. He takes on several anti-social elements who rule the underworld of Kochi . Of them, Williams (Adithya Menon), who is a real estate businessman is his biggest opponent. ACP Revathy and social activist Arundhati are there to support Avinash Varma. The City Police Commissioner, the Lady Mayor Sethulakshmi (Mohini) of Kochi Corporation and a couple of corrupt ministers and officials are supporting the illegal activities of Williams. In the age-old battle between the 'Good' and the 'Evil', Avinash Varma wins as expected, and his truth and honesty rewarded.
Antikiller	Russian	crime	Egor Konchalovsky	Former criminal investigator, Major Korenev, nicknamed Fox, gets out of jail, where he spent many years after being betrayed by his corrupt colleagues, and settles scores with his old and new enemies. These enemies are so numerous that some viewers and critics found the film confusing and considered the 114 minutes allotted by the filmmaker for the enemies’ annihilation somewhat excessive. The film uncovers the anatomy of the beginning of Russian economical boom which began the in 1990s and the many varieties of crime which came with it. Fox (Gosha Kutsenko) went to jail when the Soviet Union was still alive, but returns from prison to a new country, Russia, which the film portrays as a lawless post-industrial wasteland ruled by competing criminal gangs. Fox settles accounts with Shaman (Aleksandr Baluev), the criminal boss who sent him to jail; kills Ape (Viktor Sukhorukov), a sadistic gang leader who kills and rapes randomly for art’s sake; topples the city’s major gangs; and reestablishes his version of the rule of law. The only criminal boss who survives the war among the major gangs is Cross (Sergei Shakurov), whose ascetic and down to earth style helps him to unseat the kingpin Father (Mikhail Ulyanov) modeled on Don Vito Corleone.
Romance	American	romance	Clarence Brown	On New Year's Eve, Harry (Elliott Nugent) tells his grandfather (Gavin Gordon), a bishop, that he intends to marry an actress, even though that is frowned upon by his social class. However, his grandfather recounts via flashback a cautionary tale of a great love affair with a fallen women during his own youth. When he was 28 years old, Tom Armstrong, the son of an aristocratic family and the rector of St. Giles, meets the famous Italian opera star Rita Cavallini (Greta Garbo) at an evening party given by Cornelius Van Tuyl (Lewis Stone). Tom falls in love with Rita even though there are rumors that she is Van Tuyl's mistress. Tom's family disapproves of Rita but he continues to pursue her until he discovers that she had been lying to him about the true nature of her relationship with Van Tuyl. Though he forgives and loves her, their different lives and different social class make an engagement untenable. Ultimately, the old bishop later married Harry's grandmother and counsels Harry to marry the woman he loves regardless of the consequences.
Little Fish	Australian	drama	Rowan Woods	Little Fish is about Tracy Heart (Cate Blanchett), a former heroin addict who is desperately trying to escape her past and achieve her goals and dreams. Tracy lives with her mother (Noni Hazlehurst) and brother in the Little Saigon area (Cabramatta) in Sydney, where heroin is readily available. She is in need of money to become a partner in the video store that she works in, but her loan applications are repeatedly rejected by finance providers, as a result of her past criminal record, poor repayments of credit card debt, history of drug use and lack of collateral. Tracy lies to both her mother and her boss at the video store, pretending she has received the loan. This is one of the recurring themes of the movie, the casual ways people lie to each other for convenience. Tracy is trying to help her drug addicted stepfather and former NRL star Lionel (Hugo Weaving) to kick his heroin addiction. After a four-year absence in Vancouver, her former boyfriend Jonny Nguyen (Dustin Nguyen), also a former heroin addict, has come back into her life. Jonny, who now dresses in business suits, claims to have employment as a stockbroker at a large firm and suggests he may be able to obtain the money Tracy desires through share trading. The romance between Tracy and Jonny is rekindled. Upon visiting Jonny's alleged workplace, Tracy discovers Jonny has lied to her and is not in fact employed as a stockbroker. Jonny has become involved in a drug deal with her brother Ray, and Tracy also chooses to become involved in the deal as she sees this as the only means of providing the finance she needs to become a partner in the video store. Tracy, Ray and Jonny set out to execute the deal, which ends in tragedy. Tracy's courage and deep love for those she cares about are notable in the climactic scenes of the film.
Brain Damage	American	horror	Frank Henenlotter	Brian begins an unwilling symbiotic relationship with a malevolent leech-like brain-eating parasite called Aylmer. Aylmer secretes a highly addictive, hallucinogenic blue fluid into Brian's brain. In return for a steady supply of the fluid, Brian must seek out human victims for Aylmer, so that he can eat their brains. All the while, though, as Brian adopts a heavily secluded life in his indulgence of Aylmer's fluids, it begins to draw a rift in his relationship with his girlfriend Barbara and his brother.  The film climaxes with Brian and Barbra being confronted during intercourse by Morris and Martha; a middle aged couple who were Aylmer's previous hosts before he escaped and found Brian. Holding Brian at gun point, they retrieve Aylmer from his back, Aylmer fights back and kills them both. But while Aylmer is feeding Brian his next dosage, Morris, who is still alive but only half thinking, fiercely grabs Aylmer and squeezes an overdose of his juice into Brian's brain, causing him severe agony as it goes in to overload.  Aylmer dies and Morris succumbs to his injuries while Brian, still in agony from the overdose, retrieves Morris's gun and shoots himself in the head. The movie concludes with a shot of Brian, not dead from the gunshot but now with a glowing hole in his head.
Salomy Jane	American	western	William Nigh	Rough-and-tumble Gold Rush-era California: a woman (Salomy Jane) is saved from a ruffian (Red Pete) by a heroic stranger (Jack Dart), the latter saved from a lynching when falsely accused of a crime.
The Nut Job	American	comedy	Peter Lepeniotis	In the fictional town of Oakton City,[2] a purple squirrel named Surly (Will Arnett) and his mute rat partner Buddy reside in Liberty Park where their thieving reputation has made them outcasts. A group of urban animals led by Raccoon (Liam Neeson) and his cardinal assistant are running low on food for winter. Red squirrel Andie (Katherine Heigl) and glory hogging gray squirrel Grayson (Brendan Fraser) compete with Surly and Buddy to scavenge from a peanut cart manned by Lucky (Scott Yaphe) and Fingers (James Rankin) who are casing a bank. The squirrels' efforts inadvertently end with the cart's propane tank exploding in the park after its cord was bitten by Fingers' pug Precious (Maya Rudolph). The runaway cart ends up destroying and burning the tree, where the animals store their food. Surly is banished and Buddy follows him. In the city, they find Maury's Nut Shop. Adjacent to the bank, it is a criminal hideout used by Lucky, Fingers, their boss Percy King Dimpleweed (Stephen Lang) and Knuckles, who plan to break through the wall and replace the bank's cash with nuts. King's girlfriend Lana (Sarah Gadon) believes King has gone straight and the nut store is legitimate. Raccoon sends Andie and Grayson to the city to find food, but they get separated when a street rat approaches them. Andie recovers Fingers' dog whistle, which Knuckles threw out and Surly had used against Precious, and threatens to dispose of it if Surly does not share the nuts he is going to take. Surly accepts and unwittingly befriends Precious after threatening her with the whistle. Andie informs the park community of the plan. Raccoon reluctantly goes with the plan and assigns Mole (Jeff Dunham) and the Bruisers to go with her. Surly eventually learns from Mole that Raccoon's policy is to control the food supply in order to control the animals, and that Raccoon plans on sabotaging the nut bonanza. When Andie does not believe him, Surly leaves after Grayson reunites with them. After fending off street rats who work for Raccoon, Surly and Grayson chase the criminal gang's getaway truck, which carries Raccoon and the other animals. Surly fights off Cardinal, and Mole defects from Raccoon and reveals the truth to the animals, resulting in Raccoon being voted out of the park community. King and Knuckles use the dynamite inside the empty truck to blow up a police barricade at a dam, but the police shoots the tire on the truck that falls from the dam. It explodes after Surly gets himself and Andie off it, and they fall into the river below. Surly makes it to a log, but finds out that Raccoon, King and Knuckles survived the explosion. Raccoon tries to kill Surly, but the nuts' weight begins to break the log. The animals arrive to rescue them, but Surly, deciding to be selfless in order to protect his friends, lets go of the log and falls into the waterfall with Raccoon. The park community now sees the good side of Surly, and mourns him. The nuts make their way to Liberty Park. King and his associates are arrested as Lana breaks up with King. Andie and Buddy are still mourning over Surly, and when Precious learns what happened, she has Buddy come look at an unconscious Surly near the river. Doleful to see Surly lifeless, Buddy says his first two words: best friend. Surly wakes up and hugs Buddy. Afterward, Precious leaves to meet Lana, who plans to run Maury's Nut Shop. Finding Surly alive, Andie embraces him and suggests to tell the other animals of his heroism. However, Surly declines, yet gains a willingness to work with others, and goes into the city with Buddy, allowing Grayson to take credit for the nuts making it to the park. During the credits, the animals and humans dance with an animated Psy as he performs Gangnam Style. In a mid-credits scene, Raccoon and Cardinal are shown to have survived their ordeal and are sulking on a harbor buoy surrounded by sharks while coming up with another plan. In a post-credits scene, Precious chases Mole to get the bone he is holding that she wants and he drives her away with the dog whistle.
Rails Into Laramie	American	western	Jesse Hibbs	In the Wyoming Territory during 1869, Union Army Sgt. Jefferson Harder enters a casino and, within minutes, instigates a brawl. Just as he is thrown through the window, the soldiers sent by Gen. Augur to bring Jeff back to the fort arrive. Back at the fort, Argur explains to the hot-headed officer that the construction of the cross-country railroad has been halted outside Laramie by Jim Shanessy, who runs the town and wants the crew to stay and spend their money at his hotel and casino. It is only the threat of the blockade that convinces Jeff to take the assignment. He is further annoyed when his arrival in Laramie is met with dismay from the chief railroad engineer, Lee Graham, Judge Pierce and Mayor Frank Logan, who expected him to bring troops. Graham, Pierce and Logan grow more aghast when Jeff warmly greets Shanessy, his childhood friend. Jim is at first pleased when Shanessy offers him free board at the hotel, but when the businessman's henchmen, brothers Con and Ace Winton, deliver a two-thousand dollar gift, Jeff recognizes it as a bribe. In the lobby, Jeff agrees to meet later that night with Pierce, who is still suspicious of him, and then visits the ineffectual but good-hearted marshal, Orrie Sommers, and advises him to ready the jail cells. At the casino soon after, Shanessy introduces Jeff to his partner, beautiful Lou Carter, but Jeff spurns Lou's advances and returns the money to Shanessy. Shanessy, who remains friendly even after Ace threatens Jeff and is beaten up in return, invites Jeff to his home, hoping that Jeff's lingering feelings for Shanessy's wife Helen will keep him from pursuing his new duties. Later, Jeff meets with Graham, Pierce and Logan, and then, armed with their promise of complete authority, visits the railroad work site, where the men are drinking, gambling and sleeping. After Jeff knocks out the brawny foreman, the other men back away, allowing him to shut down the makeshift saloon. The next day, however, when Jeff posts notices that all the men have been fired and construction suspended, both the workers and the town merchants complain bitterly. Graham calls a council meeting, at which some merchants demand Jeff's court-martial but, after he explains that he can rid the town of gambling and alcohol and only those who want to work will remain, they agree to give his plan a two-week trial. Shanessy counters by refusing to grant workers credit, and when they gather into an angry mob, as he has planned, he easily convinces them to wreak havoc on the town and defeat Jeff's plan. Jeff, however, arrests Shanessy, and that night, Lou invites Jeff to her room and, explaining that no local jury will convict Shanessy, offers to help. A mistrustful Jeff kisses her but then leaves. At the jail, Shanessy talks Jeff into visiting Helen, and when Jeff later leaves her house, too attracted to her to stay, he is beaten and deposited into a railroad car by Shanessy's men. In the morning, Jeff's absence results in a mistrial. Shanessy then instructs the workers to burn down all the railroad camps, after which every arrest Jeff makes is dismissed by crooked juries. He then sends for backup troops, but Shanessy shuts down the telegraph and, anticipating that Jeff will travel to see Augur himself, creates a landslide that blocks all traffic. Graham, Pierce and Logan insist that Jeff rehire the workers, and when he refuses, they send Orrie on horseback to Cheyenne to order Jeff court-martialed. Soon after, Jeff discovers that Orrie has been killed on the trail, and Lou informs him that Shanessy is the culprit, but the only way to convict him is to construct a jury out of the Wyoming women who have just been granted the right to vote. Still skeptical, Jeff visits Shanessy, and when Ace pulls out a gun, Jeff shoots him and arrests Shanessy again. This time, Lou sits as foreperson on the female jury, and, to Shanessy's shock, they find him guilty. Jeff thanks Lou afterward, and although she first spurns him, he grabs her and she falls into his arms. The night before Shanessy's scheduled hanging, Helen slips him a gun, and with it he knocks out Jeff and races to Lou's, shooting her in the back. Jeff revives and gathers a posse while Shanessy commandeers a train to Cheyenne, not realizing that the landslide has just been cleared on the tracks, and a passenger train is headed straight toward him. Jeff rides to Shanessy's train, leaps on and shoots his way to the front. There, with the passenger train fast approaching, he knocks out Shanessy and reverses the train only moments before a collision. Weeks later, railroad construction has resumed, and Jeff reports to a recovering Lou that although he must return to the Army for six months, he will consider Laramie his home base.
Happy Ever After	British	comedy	Mario Zampi	Aged General O'Leary is fatally injured while trying to jump a wall with his horse. On his deathbed, the beloved old Irishman bequeaths £1000 each to his cousin and fellow landowner Major McGluskey and to Doctor Michael Flynn, and cancels all debts owed to him. The rest of the estate goes to a distant relative, Jasper O'Leary, who has never before set foot in the hamlet of Rathbarney. Jasper very quickly wears out his warm welcome, proving to be an unscrupulous cad who had been saved from marrying a rich but unattractive woman in Capri by his unexpected windfall. He is attracted to Serena McGluskey, a beautiful young widow who has just returned to Rathbarney following the death of her husband. Jasper confides his plan to Serena, Once I squeeze the lemon dry, I'm off. Jasper is so unpopular that some of the disgruntled locals gather in Dooley's pub and decide to participate in a secret lottery to see who will be assigned the task of murdering him. Dooley's assistant, Terence, faints when he is chosen. Lacking confidence in his ability, several groups (without each other's knowledge) decide to do the job themselves. However, working at cross purposes and sometimes just by being unlucky, none of them succeed. Meanwhile, Doctor Flynn is still infatuated with Serena, despite having been jilted by her in the past. He is too blind to see that her sister Kathy is in love with him. Serena's interest in Jasper (and vice versa) eventually cures him. When Serena repeatedly turns down Jasper's repeated proposals of a dalliance, he asks her to marry him. She agrees. Finally, on the night when supposedly the ghost of one of Jasper's ancestors walks the halls, all of the various plotters make another try, but once again interfere with each other. Jasper also takes the opportunity to try to burn down the ancestral mansion for the insurance. None succeed. Then, Father Cormac shows up and makes an announcement. General O'Leary had instructed him to open a letter on that day. The letter contains a new will, which is to go into effect if Jasper proved to be unworthy, leaving the estate to Major McGluskey. Jasper offers to depart if the others will hold off on their murderous attempts. To his surprise and delight, Serena asks to go with him.
Tezz	Bollywood	action	Priyadarshan	Aakash Rana (Ajay Devgn) is an illegal immigrant married to British citizen Nikita (Kangana Ranaut) living as a successful engineer. He is eventually caught and deported from the UK thus crushing his dreams of an ideal life. Four years later, Aakash returns with vengeance on his mind and teams up with his former employees Aadil Khan (Zayed Khan) and Megha (Sameera Reddy) to wreak some havoc. What follows is a bomb threat on a train and a tense railway control officer Sanjay Raina (Boman Irani) and anti-terrorism officer Arjun Khanna (Anil Kapoor) trying every trick in the book to avert the disaster and to apprehend the culprits. Sanjay Raina tries his best to save his daughter Piya (Avika Gor) and the passengers in the train who are thrown in the mix are police officer Shivan Menon (Mohanlal) and his team of cops, who are escorting a prisoner on the same ill-fated train. Aakash demands 10 million euros to tell them how to disarm the bomb. The ministry does not want to give the money, but Khanna convinces them that the money will be given back and is a way to lure the terrorists. After following Aakash's instructions and dropping the money in a river, he walks away. Meghna gets the money and tries to get away. She evades the cops after a vicious chase but unfortunately she is killed by a van in an intersection. Khanna finds out that Khan is one of the bombers and chases him. Khan is shot in the leg, but he gets away after jumping from the bridge and landing on a jet ski driven by Aakash. Aakash once again demands money and asks it to be left in a dustbin. The dustbin falls inward and Aakash runs away with the money even though the police attempt to pursue him. Khanna and his team find out where Aadil is and go to arrest him. Aadil commits suicide with a bomb almost killing Khanna. Aakash calls Raina and tells him that a note has been left at a restaurant called Delhi Darbar that tells how to defuse the bomb. However, the restaurant catches on fire and the letter is burnt. Aakash visits Nikita and his son and they arrange to flight out of the UK that night. Khanna visits Nikita and tells who her husband is. After changing the plan (that they should leave UK via train because the police has found out about his plan of leaving via plane), he goes to the train station. There he sees a video of Raina asking the bomber to call again as the letter was burnt. Aakash calls Raina and tells him that the bomb was not connected to the wheels and the train will not explode if stopped. Raina stops the train, and everyone disembarks safely. Nikita who is helping Khanna now, goes to the train station and sees Aakash and the news that the bomb threat was a hoax. She lets Aakash go, but Khanna finds out as Aakash's son calls him Daddy. Khanna chases him and they fight. Aakash pleas to Khanna to let him go and explains why he took such drastic actions. Realizing that Aakash was a victim of deportation and wants to just be with his family again at peace, Khanna stays silent (hinting he will let him leave scot free). However, the police arrive; after seeing that Aakash had a gun, they shoot him. In the end, Nikita receives a letter Aakash had written. It stated that the money (which Aakash asked for defusing the bomb) was in Aakash's bank locker. He also states that she should give half the money to Megha's brother and Adil's mother. He asks her to tell his son that what he did was to get justice. Finally, Aakash tells Nikita that if they ever meet in the next life, the end of their love story would be much better and bids her goodbye.
Ammayi Bagundi	Telugu	romance	Bala Sekharan	Siva (Sivaji) is a modern guy who falls in love with a beautiful girl(Meera Jasmine) he saw at a bus stop but at the same time he goes to see a girl chosen by his parents for him. Luckily he finds the same girl he saw on the road as the bride-to-be. He happily agrees for the wedding. He immediately accepts to marry her. When he moves to settle in true marital bliss, the girl he had fallen in love moves near his house. He realizes that there exist two girls with the same face. Moreover, he comes to know that tastes of his wife are exactly opposite to that of the girl he imagined and had fallen in love at first sight. He becomes friend of the other girl but finally understands that he loves his wife.
Wild at Heart	American	drama	David Lynch	Lovers Lula and Sailor are separated after he is jailed for killing a man who attacked him with a knife; the assailant, Bobby Ray Lemon, was hired by Lula's mother, Marietta Fortune. Upon Sailor's release, Lula picks him up at the prison where she hands him his snakeskin jacket. They go to a hotel where she reserved a room, make love and go to see the speed metal band Powermad. At the club, Sailor gets into a fight with a man who flirts with Lula, and then leads the band in a rendition of Elvis Presley's Love Me. Later, back in the room, after making love again, Sailor and Lula finally decide to run away to California, breaking Sailor's parole. Marietta arranges for private detective Johnnie Farragut – her on-off boyfriend – to find them and bring them back. Unbeknownst to Farragut, however, Marietta also hires gangster Marcello Santos to track them and kill Sailor. Santos's minions capture and kill Farragut, sending Marietta into a guilt-fueled psychosis. Unaware of all of the events happening back in North Carolina, Lula and Sailor continue on their way until – according to Lula – they witness a bad omen: the aftermath of a two-car accident, and the only survivor, a young woman, dies in front of them. With little money left, Sailor heads for Big Tuna, Texas, where he contacts old friend Perdita Durango, who might be able to help them, although she secretly knows he is under contract to be killed by Lula's mother. While Sailor agrees to join up with gangster Bobby Peru in a feed store robbery, Lula waits for him in the hotel room, trying to conceal that she is pregnant with Sailor's child. While Sailor is out Peru enters the room and forces Lula to implore him to make love with her, but in the end he refuses, stating he has no time. This traumatizes Lula, who was raped as a child. The robbery goes spectacularly wrong when Peru unnecessarily shoots the two clerks. Peru then admits to Sailor he's been hired to kill him and Sailor realizes he has been given a pistol with dummy ammunition. Chasing Sailor out of the store, Peru is about to kill him when the sheriff's deputy opens fire on him and Peru accidentally blows his own head off with his own shotgun. Sailor is arrested and sentenced to six years in prison. While Sailor is in jail, Lula has their child. Upon his release Lula decides to reunite with him. Rejecting her mother's objections over the phone, she throws water over her mother's photograph and goes to pick up Sailor with their son. When they meet Sailor, he reveals he will be leaving them both, having decided while in prison that he isn't good enough for them. While he is walking a short distance away, Sailor encounters a gang who surround him. He insults them and they quickly knock him out. While unconscious, he sees a vision in the form of Glinda the Good Witch, who tells him, Don't turn away from love, Sailor. When he awakens, he apologizes to the men, tells them he realizes the error of his ways, then runs after Lula. The photograph of Marietta in Lula's house sizzles and vanishes. As there is a traffic jam on the road, Sailor begins to run over the roofs and hoods of the cars to get back to Lula and their child in the car. Sailor sings Love Me Tender to Lula, having earlier said that he would only sing that song to his wife.
Poo	Tamil	romance	Sasi	The film is set in a village named Kongankulam (Close to Alangulam), located between Rajapalayam and Sivakasi in southern Tamil Nadu. It entails two different dreams of two different people for one person. The film begins showing Maari (Parvathy) happily married to her husband (Inigo Prabhakaran), a small shop owner. She leads an uncomplaining life with a smile on her face at all shades of events which fascinates even her husband. One day, she leaves alone to her village festival with the permission of her husband, who promises that he will follow her there after his business for the day has finished. When her mother asks why Maari came alone, she answers that she came early in order to see her cousin Thangarasu (Srikanth), much to her mother's dismay. On her way to see Thangarasu, she begins to reminisce of her past that includes her bold proclamation of her aim to be Thangarasu's wife from her school days - a time when they used to play together - that develops into her shy, unrequited yearning for him in her teenage years - a time when Thangarasu is an engineering student while Maari works as a labourer in her village's fireworks company along with her best friend Cheeni (Inbanila), a practical girl who at first advises Maari to be realistic, but later seeing her passion for Thangarasu helps her out in many ways as she could. By that time, everyone in her village knows about her ardent love for Thangarasu except for him. After many attempts, she fails at trying to confess her love to him or to even talk to him openly without feeling shy while he is away in city or in her village. However, Thanagarasu comes to realise her love after many incidents where people he knows tells him of this. At the same time, the film shows Thangarasu's father (Ram) working as a cart driver and carrying labourer. He expects respect for his age from his young bosses and colleagues, but due to an unpleasant incident he presumably thinks that being rich and owning modern items such as a car only will bring him respect. He takes pride in the fact that his son is studying to be an engineer and dreams of big things about him. But, Thangarasu breaks his castle in the sky by saying that once he starts working, unless he joins a renowned company, his salary will be merely Rs.6000, not as large as Rs 35000 as software engineers earn as he is just a mechanical engineer. This shatters the dreams of Thangarasu's father who then resorts to alcohol and deems that he will never achieve the respect that he yearns. Thangarasu's father is against the idea of Thangarasu marrying Maari as he believes that one cannot live happily and with respect just alone with higher education, but with money. Thangarasu, though initially after coming to know of Maari's faithful passion begins to reciprocate her feelings, but after finding out that the son of his best friend who had married his cousin had birth defections, he finds it not a good idea to marry someone in related by blood. Therefore, heartbreakingly agreeing to marry the proposed daughter of someone from a wealthy family that his dad approves of, thus choosing the dream of his father. Maari too agrees to marry someone else on a condition that her mother and brother must attend Thangarasu's wedding as they initially refused to go after discovering that Thangarasu will not wed Maari. Maari happily marries while wishing that Thangarasu and his wife to become successful and Thangarasu to be happy just as she will try to be with her husband. Current day sees Maari entering Thangarasu's house and sees a car parked outside and also Thangarasu talking to someone on mobile about business related matters. Seeing her come, he directs her to go inside. She comes into the house and sees it decorated with latest modern devices. But nothing made her happier than seeing Thangarasu's wedding photo hung on the wall. She sees Thangarasu's wife in the backyard sitting on a chair reading a novel. She goes up to her and talks. Initially nice, his wife sneers later at the question of possible pregnancy making Maari shocked. She later witnesses in a hidden place, that Thangarasu's wife treats him badly and shames him for marrying her shamelessly, a rich woman, when he himself is poor. Though, begging his wife to stop shouting, in fear that Maari may hear and knowing that she still lives for him and hearing this will terribly traumatize her, he sees that she is hiding listening to all this with tears in her eyes. He then goes away with shattered heart to his room while Maari runs away and meets Thangarasu's father outside, who heeds to the situation seeing his arrogant daughter-in-law outside and his crying son inside, is also heartbroken. He explains to Maari saying that we both had a dream that we wanted, but I did not stop to hear the dream of that girl, by this indirectly quoting that had he, Thangarasu would not be in this unhappy marriage right now. Maari flees from the scene and departs with her belonging back on the way she came just as her husband touches his feet into the village. He discovers his Maari too shocked to understand what had happened sitting on a tree stump emotionless. Upon hearing no answers from Maari for why she is here and not at her home, he shakes her and she starts wailing out loud, showing that her seemingly happy life led with her husband was all in hope that Thangarasu was also leading a happy life. But since he is not, it seems that she will lament for the rest of her life knowing the sadness and pain of her lover whom she cannot console.
Futureworld	American	sci-fi	Richard T. Heffron	Two years after the Westworld tragedy, the Delos corporation owners have reopened the park after spending $1.5 billion in safety improvements, and also shutting down Westworld. For publicity purposes, newspaper reporter Chuck Browning and TV reporter Tracy Ballard are invited to review the park. Just before the junket is announced, Browning arranges to meet with a Delos employee who promises he has dirt on the corporation. During the meeting, the tipster is shot in the back and dies after giving Browning an envelope. At the resort, guests choose from four theme parks: Spaworld (where old age and pain have been eliminated), Medievalworld, Romanworld and Futureworld. Browning and Ballard choose Futureworld, which simulates an orbiting space station. Robots are available for sex as well as amusements like boxing. They are guided through the resort by Dr. Duffy, who shows them the marvels of Delos, demonstrating that all the problems have been fixed. The reporters are stunned to find that the Control Center is staffed entirely by robots. That night, their dinners are drugged, and while they sleep, medical tests are conducted so Delos can make clones of them. A visiting Russian General and a Japanese politician are also tested for cloning. Back in her room a few hours later, Ballard wakes in a fright, remembering the experience as a nightmare. Ballard and Browning sneak out to explore the resort's underground areas. They end up triggering a cloning machine, which generates three samurai. Just as they are about to be captured by the samurai, a mechanic named Harry saves them. He takes them back to his quarters, where he cohabits with a mechanic robot he has named Clark after Superman's alter-ego. The reporters interview Harry, but they are interrupted and returned to their rooms. The following day, while Ballard is testing out a Delos dream-recording device, Browning slips out to see Harry. Harry takes Browning to a locked door that he has never been able to enter, although robots routinely enter. Realizing the key is in the robot's eyes, Harry destroys a robot and steals its face. They return with Ballard and open the door. Inside, they find clones of themselves, as well as clones of the Russian and Japanese leaders. The clones are being programmed through subliminal messages; they are instructed to always work for the good of Delos and to destroy their originals. Browning explains that his tipster's envelope was filled with clippings about leaders from around the world, realizing that Delos must be cloning the rich and powerful. The trio decides to flee the resort on the next plane. The reporters return to their apartment where Duffy is waiting for them; he explains that, by cloning world leaders, they can ensure that nothing harms Delos' interests, and that without proper guidance, humans will eventually destroy the planet. Cloning the reporters would ensure favorable coverage, letting people forget about the Westworld tragedy. Browning attacks Duffy but is easily overpowered with unnatural strength. Ballard shoots the doctor twice, and Browning peels back Duffy's face to reveal that he is a robot. As Harry races to meet up with the reporters, he runs into Browning's clone, who kills him. Ballard and Browning are then chased by their own duplicates, all the while taunting them with details about their lives. Eventually, one of each pair is killed, though which one is left unclear. When they find each other, Browning seizes and kisses Ballard. In the end, as they leave the resort with the other guests, Dr. Schneider meets them to make sure they are the clones. The reporters confirm that they will be writing positive reviews for Delos; but, just as they reach the exit, Ballard's badly injured clone stumbles towards him and Schneider realizes too late that he has been fooled. On the jetway, Browning tells Ballard that his editor is running the exposé on Delos, that the whole world will know what they are up to, and that kissing her was his idea to figure out whether or not she was a duplicate.
Pratidwandi	Bengali	drama	Satyajit Ray	Siddhartha (Dhritiman Chatterjee) is forced to discontinue his medical studies due to the unexpected death of his father. He has to now find a job instead. In one job interview, he is asked to name the most significant world event in the last ten years. His reply is 'the plain human courage shown by the people of Vietnam', instead of the expected: man landing on the moon. The interviewer asks if he is a communist. Needless to say, he does not get the job. He reaches a coffee shop where he is offered work for the communist party. When he does not show any interest, the party leader tells him about an opening for a medical representative. To escape from the heat and have a snooze, he goes into a cinema. As a government propaganda newsreel is being shown before the feature, a bomb explodes in the cinema hall. In the stampede that follows, Siddartha breaks his watch. He goes to a watchmaker but he cannot afford the repairs. Waiting to cross the road, he notices a sexy girl. He drifts back to his days as a medical student in a flashback. The professor is explaining the anatomy of the female breast. Many flashbacks and dreams occur to Siddartha throughout the film. On his way to the hostel, he has an encounter with some hippies. Along with an ex-classmate, he goes out to see an uncensored Swedish film but, to their disappointment, the film turns out to be boring. In such constant wandering in Calcutta, disintegrating relationships with his sister and a Naxalite (militant communist) brother, his friendship with Keya is the only thing that keeps him sane. Keya is a simple girl. They enjoy each other's company but they cannot make any commitment to each other due to the circumstances. After yet another attempt at a job interview, Siddhartha leaves the big city to take a modest job as a salesman in a far off small town. He writes to Keya that he still cherishes their relationship. He also hears the call of a bird that he remembers from his childhood in his dreams but this time it is for real, and not in his mind. After completing the letter, he comes out to the balcony of his modest room. The bird calls again. He also hears the sombre chants of a funeral procession. As he turns to the camera, the picture is frozen. The ending is reminiscent of the first scene which shows the death of Siddhartha's father. However, the last scene is symbolic of the end of Siddhartha's aspirations of finding a job in Calcutta.
Another Gay Movie	American	comedy	Todd Stephens	The story centers around four gay friends who have recently graduated from San Torum High School. Andy (Michael Carbonaro) is an awkward, sex-crazed character who frequently masturbates with his mother's fruits and vegetables. Jarod (Jonathan Chase) is a handsome and fit jock who is quite insecure. Griff (Mitch Morris) is a nerdy, well-dressed guy who is secretly in love with Jarod. Nico (Jonah Blechman) is the most flamboyant, outgoing, and effeminate of the group. The four of them decide to make a pact to have sex by the end of the summer. Each boy proceeds to pursue sex in different ways, with both tragic and comedic results. Nico tries to secure an online date with a man named Ryder (Matthew Rush), but ends up with the grandfather (George Marcy) of their lesbian friend Muffler. Jarod seeks out fellow jocks, including a baseball pitcher named Beau (James Getzlaff), while Griff tries to earn the affection of Angel (Darryl Stephens), a male stripper; Jarod and Griff leave these men to have sex with each other instead, because they are in love. Andy, having failed to seduce his long-time crush, his math teacher, Mr. Puckov (Graham Norton), has a threesome with the rejected Beau and Angel. Much of the humor comes from how awkward each boy is at romance and how naive they are about sex. Each plot backfires horribly, until the boys finally begin to change their attitudes towards sex at the end of the film.
Going Steady	American	romance	Fred F. Sears	Julie Ann Turner, 17, wants to travel by car with friends Olive and Woody from her Pasadena, California home to Reno, Nevada, where her boyfriend Calvin Potter will be participating in a basketball game. Her mom Grace talks her opposed dad Gordon into letting her go. Calvin makes a game-winning shot. Everyone celebrates afterward, and Julie Ann, in her excitement, suggests to Calvin that they elope, just as her Aunt Lola did at that age. Calvin agrees, but they decide to keep the wedding secret for a while when they get home. As time goes by, Julie Ann asks friend Olive to accompany her to see an obstetrician. Rumor spreads that Olive is expecting a baby, so Julie Ann admits it's actually her. When the news is broken to her parents, it comes as news to Calvin, too. He moves in with the Turners, accepted by mother-in-law Grace but infuriating father-in-law Gordon, whose demand that the marriage be annulled is rejected with Julie being pregnant. Calvin quarrels with his bride and reluctantly takes a job in her dad's hardware store. Aunt Lola arrives in time for Julie Ann's graduation day and turns out to be helpful as Grace finally persuades Gordon to give the kids his blessing in beginning their new lives.
Main Zinda Hoon	Bollywood	drama	Sudhir Mishra	Beena is a village girl, who is married into a middle-class family in the city. However, her husband leaves her soon after wedding. She starts working and supports his family. Eventually, she falls in love with a co-worker. That is when her husband returns.[4][5]
April Fool's Day	American	horror	Fred Walton	On the weekend leading up to April Fools' Day, a group of college friends, consisting of Harvey, Nikki, Rob, Skip, Nan, Chaz, Kit and Arch, gather to celebrate spring break by spending the weekend at the island mansion of Skip's cousin, Muffy St. John. The tone is set almost immediately, with Muffy preparing details around the house when she finds an old jack-in-the-box she remembers in a flashback sequence. Her friends, meanwhile, joke around on the pier while awaiting the ferry. En route to the island, as their antics become more boisterous, local deckhand Buck is seriously injured in a gruesome accident. Once on the island, it turns out that Muffy has set up a variety of pranks throughout the mansion, ranging from simple gags such as a whoopee cushion and dribble glasses and exploding cigars to more complex and disturbing pranks, such as an audiotape of a baby crying in someone's room and heroin paraphernalia in a guest's wardrobe. In spite of this, the group try to relax, until Skip goes missing, and Kit catches a glimpse of what looks like his dead body. Soon, Arch and Nan also go missing. During a search for the pair, Nikki falls into the island's well, where she finds the severed heads of Skip and Arch, along with the dead body of Nan. The remaining group members then discover that the phone lines are dead and there is no way to get off the island until Monday. One after another, members of the group either vanish or get killed before their bodies are found. After putting some clues together, Kit and Rob realize that everyone's earlier assumption is wrong; the kinsman of the deckhand injured when they arrived is a red herring. It also turns out that Muffy has a violently insane twin sister named Buffy, who has escaped. In fact, the Muffy they have been around since the first night was Buffy, pretending to be Muffy. They discover Muffy's severed head in the basement. Buffy chases them with a curved butcher's knife, and the couple gets separated. Kit flees from Buffy by escaping into the living room where she finds everyone else there, alive and calmly waiting for her. It was all a joke, or more accurately, a dress rehearsal. It is revealed to the audience that the whole film was never a slasher film from the start, but rather pretending to be one. Muffy hopes to turn the mansion into a resort offering a weekend of staged horror. She even had a friend who does special effects and make-up in Hollywood help. Each victim agreed to take part as things were explained to them. Everyone has a huge laugh and they break out lots of bottles of champagne. Later that night, a half-drunk Muffy goes to her room and finds a wrapped present on her bed. She unwraps it, and the present is the jack-in-the-box. Savoring the surprise, she turns the handle slowly and when Jack finally pops out, Nan, who knew Muffy from acting class, emerges from behind her and slits her throat with a razor. Muffy screams, but then realizes she is not really bleeding and that Nan used a trick razor and stage blood. The film ends with the jack-in-the-box winking at the audience.
Andersonville	American	drama	John Frankenheimer	The film begins with a group of Union soldiers being captured and forced to surrender at Cold Harbor, Virginia, in June 1864. They are transported to prisoner-of-war Camp Sumter, near Andersonville, Georgia. When they enter, they discover a former comrade, named Dick Potter, who was captured at Antietam, who explains the grim realities of daily existence in the camp – primarily the lack of shelter, clean water, and regular food supplies. He also states the danger of a rogue group of Union soldiers, called the Raiders, who hoard the camp's meager rations, and lure unsuspecting fresh fish – newly captured soldiers – into their area of the camp, to attack and rob them. With every able-bodied man required for fighting, young teenagers and old men are used as guards. At one watch tower, manned by two young guards, a Union soldier offers money for some corn. He is instructed to step over the dead line fence and approach the watch tower to trade, which contradicts the rules of the camp. But reluctantly, compelled by need, the soldier steps over the line, and (in a macabre type of game) the soldiers in the next watch tower shoot him dead. As the story unfolds, the unit captured at the beginning of the film ally with some inmates, and help them by working on their tunnel under the stockade wall. Eventually it is complete, but one man tries to inform the guards, in hope of receiving a reward. He is captured and TT (meaning tunnel traitor) is cut into his forehead as a warning. The escape is attempted one night, and all goes well until the last man is spotted and shot, and the dogs are unleashed. In a very short time, most escapees are back in the camp and placed in standing stocks as punishment. The situation with the Raiders eventually becomes unbearable, as group after group of new prisoners are targeted upon arrival. Night raids are made, with possessions being taken from tents and prisoners injured or killed by the Raiders. After a banjo is stolen, one man fights to get it back but is badly beaten. Things progressively get worse until finally one man decides he has seen enough of the vultures out to rob and murder the new boys. He rallies support from the disparate groups, and within minutes hundreds of his comrades are charging the Raiders' camp. A massive and deadly riot ensues. In the end the Raiders are beaten, stolen goods are redistributed to their owners, but many want them all hanged outright. But upon the insistence of a few, a request for a legitimate trial is made to Captain Wirz, the Confederate commander of the prison camp. A trial is held, with a jury made up of new internees, which ultimately results in the six ring-leaders being found guilty and sentenced to death by hanging. After the executions life becomes relatively peaceful, but the cold reality of starvation, and lack of sanitation or medical care, begins to set in as emaciation, dysentery, scurvy, and fever take their toll, causing many to die. As the film ends, an announcement is made by Wirz that all prisoners are to be exchanged – the surviving Federal soldiers leave the camp, filing past their dead comrades on the way to the trains.[2] Against a view of the present-day Andersonville National Cemetery, the movie's end coda reads:
Trouble in Sundown	American	western	David Howard	A banker named Cameron is suspected of a robbery because he was the only person who knew the vault lock's combination. When a corrupt land owner, Ross Daggett, tries to exact vigilante justice, rancher Clint Bradford goes to the aid of June Cameron, the banker's daughter, and hides her father. June inadvertently leads Daggett and his men, including hired gun Dusty, to her father's hiding place, where Cameron is captured and taken back to town. Dusty is tricked by Clint into revealing a secret panel through which Daggett was able to view Cameron's use of the vault combination. June is grateful to Clint when her father goes free.
Scotland Yard	American	crime	Norman Foster	When bank robber Dakin Barrolles is on the run from the police, he manages to sneak into the house of respectable Sir John Lasher and his wife Sandra. He finds the drunken Sir Lasher in the course verbally abusing his wife, fearing his upcoming military service. Barolles tells the banker off, then robs the couple of their car and a special locket with pictures of the couple inside. Unfortunately, Barrolles is caught as he is about to leave the house, by Inspector Henry James Cork of the Scotland Yard. Barrolles manages to escape once again from the inspector, and disappears into the night. Some time later Cork finally manages to track the robber down, discovering that he enlisted under a false name and became a respected soldier in her Majesty's Army. Corks intelligence says that Barrolles was killed at Dunkerque, but he is in fact still alive. His face was terribly misfigured during battle and he was sent to a hospital in Scotland to recover. Since the doctors have no identification of the man, they look at the locket, which Barrolles is still carrying, and believe he is the man on the picture. They reconstruct his face so that he looks just like the picture, which is the face of Sir John Lasher. When Barrolles wakes up he decides to play along and pose as Lasher. He figures he can use it to rob the man's bank. Barrolles goes back to Sandra, pretending to be her husband returning from the war, with amnesia, explaining the fact that he doesn't remember a thing about their lives together. Sandra is happy with him returning as a different man than when he left her. After some time Barrolles falls in love with Sandra, but is still set on robbing the bank. He goes to work as Lasher, and starts his first day with ordering a large transfer of gold. He meets a man named Hugh Burnside, who apparently is the uncle of Lasher's young mistress. Hugh asks Lasher/Barrolles to accompany him to the residence of a Lady Constance Fraser. Hugh has discovered that Barrolles is a fraud, since he knows that Lasher is alive in a prison camp in Germany. It turns out Hugh and Lady Constance are the heads of a Nazi spy ring in England. Hugh threatens to hand Barrolles over to the police if he doesn't cooperate and transfer the gold to them. Barrolles sees no other alternative than to play along. Cork discovers the truth about Barrolles' operation and impersonation of Lasher. He comes to the Lasher home and returns the locket to Sandra. She realizes that Barrolles is an impostor. She goes to visit Barrolles at the bank office and unknowingly becomes part of the gold transfer. Barrolles had time to send a message to Cork about the transfer, who arrives in time to stop the gold from being shipped. Cork catches the two spies and tells Barrolles that he is pardoned by the government because of his distinguished service for his country. Barrolles returns to Sandra and they confess their love for each other, ut decide to put their relationship on hold until the real Lasher is safely back home from the war.[1]
Nishchaiy	Bollywood	romance	Esmayeel Shroff	Ravi Yadav (Vinod Khanna) is the servant of Manohar Singh (Rajiv Verma). He has a younger brother, Rohan Yadav (Salman Khan), whom he wishes to see as a successful and good lawyer. Manohar's wife starts to teach Ravi English so he can get a good job when he goes to Mumbai and that he can afford Rohan's school and college expenses, but Manohar feels insecure and plans to jail Ravi. Ravi is falsely accused of raping his lover, Parvati, and sentenced to 12 years in prison because the real rapist killed Parvati and then told the court that Ravi has raped her. Manohar's wife Renuka (Moushumi Chatterjee) assures Ravi that she will help Rohan in becoming a lawyer. 12 years later, when Ravi comes out of prison, Rohan's whereabouts are unknown. Rohan, in the meantime, has been adopted by famous lawyer Gujral (Saeed Jaffrey), and his wife Yashoda (Reema Lagoo), and is now known as Vasudev Gujral, a lawyer by profession. Vasudev falls in love with Payal Singh (Karisma Kapoor), who happens to be Manohar's daughter. Ravi finds out that Renuka is alive, but her memory is diminished after Manohar tried to kill her. Manohar is unaware of Renuka being alive. He starts medical treatment for Renuka. To earn the needed money, he accepts a contract to kill Vasudev Gujral, because he is told that Vasu has raped and then killed a women and by killing Vasu he is helping the women's mother in revenge, little knowing that he is about to kill his own innocent long-separated brother. When he enters Vasudev's room he sees a picture and gets to know that Vasu is Rohan. He returns, but Vasu catches him and starts beating him, and Ravi is arrested. In the police station, Renuka comes rushing because her memory has returned. Everyone gets to know about what happened and Payal is reunited with her mother, whom she was told had died. Payal goes to her house to confront her father, Manohar. Manohar traps her own daughter. Then comes some action. Ravi is shot by Manohar, Renuka wants to kill Manohar, but Ravi who is taking his last breaths tells her not to. Ravi dies and the story ends.
Come See the Paradise	American	drama	Alan Parker	In the early 1950s, Lily Kawamura tells her pre-adolescent daughter Mini about her father and the life that she barely remembers, as the two of them are walking to a rural train station. In 1936, Jack McGurn is a motion picture projectionist, involved in a campaign of harassment against non-union theaters in New York City. One such attack turns fatal, as one of his fellow union members starts a fire. McGurn's boss, knowing that the feelings of guilt would likely cause Jack to go to the police, urges him to leave the area. Jack moves to Los Angeles where his brother Gerry lives. Jack's role as a sweatshop lawyer strains an already-rocky relationship with Gerry who is willing to have any job, barely keeping his family afloat during the Great Depression. Taking the name McGann, Jack finds a job as a projectionist (ironically, non-union) in a movie theater run by a Japanese American family by the name of Kawamura. He falls in love with Lily, his boss' daughter. Forbidden to see one another by her Issei parents and banned from marrying by California law, the couple elopes to Seattle, where they marry and have a daughter, Mini. When World War II breaks out, Lily and their daughter are caught up in the Japanese American internment, rounded up and sent to Manzanar, California. Jack, away on a trip, is drafted into the United States Army with no chance to help his family prepare for their imprisonment. Finally visiting the camp, he arranges a private meeting with his wife's father, telling him that he has gone AWOL and wants to stay with them, whatever they have to go through. They are his family now and he belongs with them. The older man counsels him to return to the Army, and says that he now believes that Jack is truly in love with Lily, and a worthy husband. Returning, ready to face his punishment for desertion, he is met by FBI agents, who have identified McGann as being the McGurn wanted for his part in the arson of years before. Finally, in the 1950s, the train arrives and Lily and Mini reunite with Jack, who has served his time in prison and is now returning to his family.
Pantry Panic	American	animation	Walter Lantz	Woody stays behind to swim while the other birds in the forest migrate south for the winter. Just after the other birds leave, the cold of winter sets in instantly, to the point that Woody's swimming hole freezes solid after he jumps in (Must be hard water, he remarks). Woody does not worry, because he has stored up plenty of food. However, a snow storm enters his house and makes off with all of his possessions, food included. Two weeks later, Woody is delusional and literally staring starvation, personified as something vaguely resembling the Grim Reaper, in the face. A month later, a hungry cat happens upon Woody's cabin, and conspires to eat the woodpecker. The famished Woody, however, plans just as quickly to eat the cat, and the two have at it. Eventually a moose appears at Woody's open door, and the starving cat and woodpecker chase after it to capture and eat it. Afterwards, however, the meal proves not to be enough to satisfy both Woody (whose voice is suddenly much different) and the cat, who instantly resume their game of trying to eat each other.
Runner	Malayalam	action	Gunasekhar	Ajay Varma (Mahesh Babu) is a Hyderabad-based Kabbadi player who visits Kurnool to take part in a state-level tournament. There, he saves Swapna Reddy (Bhoomika Chawla) from Obul Reddy,(Prakash Raj) a dangerous faction leader, who is in love with Swapna and wants to marry her against her wishes. Ajay learns that Swapna is trying to leave to the United States for pursuing higher education after Obul killed her brothers. When Ajay saves Swapna, he humiliates Obul by pushing him into a mudpond. Obul refuses to cleanse the mud until Swapna is found and brought back. Ajay helps Swapna escape and takes her to his house in an old city, hiding her in his room with the help of his sister, Asha(Niharkia). Soon, his parents find out she is hiding in their house. Swapna and Ajay run away again and she falls in love with him. The next day, the police, led by Ajay's father Vijay,(Mukesh Rishi) surround the Charminar where Swapna is hidden by Ajay. The duo, along with Ajay's friends, reach the airport to go to the United States. They bring her parents to see her one last time before she leaves. After Swapna is past airport security, Ajay realises he loves Swapna. She shows up and hugs him while proposing him. At the airport, Vijay arrests Ajay while Obul's men take Swapna away. After Swapna taunts him by saying that Ajay will definitely come for her, Obul goes to the jail and asks Ajay to come with him. Here, Vijay expresses that he's not worried about Ajay; rather, he's worried for Obul. Obul and his henchmen are kidnapped by Ajay, who, along with his friends, attend the finals of national level tournament. Meanwhile, Obul's brother Siva Reddy,(Rajan P.Dev) who happens to be the home minister of the state, is waiting at the venue of Obul's marriage with Swapna. After coming to know about his whereabouts, Siva reaches the stadium along with Swapna and his mother where Ajay and Obul are fighting with each other. Swapna's father( Chandra Mohan) stabs Obul, whereas his mother dies in a bomb blast. Siva decides not to react as it would harm his position as a minister and Ajay, whose team won the match, celebrates the victory with Swapna and his family.
Rough Night in Jericho	American	western	Arnold Laven	A stagecoach bound for the town of Jericho is ambushed by Alex Flood, a lawman gone bad. Sharpshooting from a safe distance, Flood wounds the coach's driver, Ben Hickman, who is brought to town by the only passenger, a gambler named Dolan. Hickman is a former Santa Fe lawman and Dolan was once his deputy. They now are partners in the stage line with Molly Lang, whom they have come to Jericho to meet. She was once Flood's lover when he came to Jericho to restore law and order, but now she hates the man who has seized power in the town. Flood forms a lynch mob that hangs a man who dared confront one of his gang, then burns down the home of another townsman who tried to organize a secret meeting. While the wounded Hickman recovers from the gunshot, Dolan takes a liking to Molly and decides to help her when Flood's men try to take over her stagecoach line. He gets into a violent fight with Yarbrough, one of Flood's men. Dolan begins to create havoc in Flood's empire, stealing his cattle and causing explosions at Flood's ranch and gold mine. He is assisted by Hickman and by Jace, the town's former sheriff. Flood returns to Jericho seeking revenge. He shoots Hickman in the back, killing him. Dolan sets out after Flood for a final showdown in the hills.
Three Little Pigs	American	animation	Burt Gillett	Practical Pig, Fiddler Pig and Fifer Pig are three brothers who build their own houses with bricks, sticks and straw respectively. All three of them play a different kind of musical instrument – Fifer Pig toots his flute, doesn't give a hoot and plays around all day, Fiddler Pig with a hey diddle diddle, plays on his fiddle and dances all kinds of jigs and Practical Pig is initially seen as working without rest. Fifer and Fiddler build their straw and stick houses with much ease and have fun all day. Practical, on the other hand, has no chance to sing and dance for work and play don't mix, focusing on building his strong brick house, but his two brothers poke fun at him. An angry Practical warns them You can play and laugh and fiddle. Don't think you can make me sore. I'll be safe and you'll be sorry when the Wolf comes through your door! Fifer and Fiddler ignore him and continue to play, singing the now famous song Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Wolf?. As they are singing, the Big Bad Wolf really comes by, at which point Fifer and Fiddler reveal they are in fact very afraid of the wolf. Fifer and Fiddler each retreat to their respective houses; the Wolf first blows Fifer's house down (except for the roof) with little resistance. Fifer manages to escape and hides at Fiddler's house. The wolf pretends to give up and go home, but returns disguised as an innocent sheep. The pigs see through the disguise (Not by the hair of our chinny-chin-chin! You can't fool us with that old sheep skin!), whereupon the Wolf blows Fiddler's house down (except for the door). The two pigs manage to escape and hide at Practical's house, who willingly gives his brothers refuge; in Practical's house, it is revealed that his musical instrument is the piano. The Wolf arrives disguised as a Jewish peddler/Fuller Brush man to trick the pigs into letting him in, but fails. The Wolf then tries to blow down the strong brick house (losing his clothing in the process), but is unable, all while a confident Practical plays melodramatic piano music. Finally, he attempts to enter the house through the chimney, but smart Practical Pig takes off the lid of a boiling pot filled with water (to which he adds turpentine) under the chimney, and the Wolf falls right into it. Shrieking in pain, the Wolf runs away frantically, while the pigs sing Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Wolf? again. Practical then plays a trick by knocking on his piano, causing his brothers to think the Wolf has returned and hide under Practical's bed.
The Purge: Anarchy	American	horror	James DeMonaco	On March 21, 2023, the media credits the annual purge, a 12-hour period wherein all crimes are legal without authorities intervening, as an economic success. Everywhere, people either prepare to barricade themselves indoors or commit acts of violence. The nation's impoverished population is no longer seen as people, but as living garbage, whom the wealthy denounce as only living to serve their needs. However, before the sixth annual purge begins, a successful anti-purge resistance group led by Carmelo Johns and his partner, the Stranger from the first film - revealed as Dwayne - hijack government feeds to denounce the New Founding Fathers and their actions. In Los Angeles, working-class waitress Eva Sanchez returns home to her 17 year old daughter Cali and terminally ill father Rico, who also despises the New Founding Fathers. Rico slips out to a waiting limousine, leaving a note for his family revealing that he has sold himself as a purge offering in exchange for $100,000 to be paid to Eva and Cali after the purge. Married couple Shane and Liz visit a grocery store, only to be ambushed by a masked gang of bikers. As they drive away to avoid them, their car breaks down, as the biker gang had cut their fuel line. Meanwhile, an off-duty Los Angeles Police Department sergeant, Leo Barnes, plans to join the purge to avenge the death of his son against the advice of his ex-wife, and goes out to the streets heavily armed, posing as a vigilante. As Shane and Liz try to find safer hiding places, the purge commences. Eva and Cali are attacked by their lustful superintendent Diego, but he is gunned down by a paramilitary platoon, which captures the women to offer them to their leader Big Daddy for his own personal purge. The sergeant rescues them after killing the troops and wounding Big Daddy. They find Shane and Liz hiding in the sergeant's car. The group flees just as Big Daddy fires at them, damaging the car. As the sergeant's car breaks down, the group flees on foot to reach the home of Eva's co-worker Tanya, and borrow her car. As they navigate the hostile streets, they find evidence that the antipurge group has been gaining the upper hand against the purgers. After freeing Shane from a trap and taking guns from an abandoned van, they head to the subways. A pyrotechnic purging gang invades the subways and sets hiding people on fire, causing chaos. Shane is wounded, but the group manages to escape. After running for their lives, Eva unknowingly signals a traffic camera to identify them to the NFFA troops who pick up the location of Tanya's apartment building. The group reaches Tanya's house, but learns no car is there. Tanya's family takes them in, offering dinner and medicine. However, Tanya's sister Lorraine proceeds to murder her sister for sleeping with her husband. The group leaves the family to their fate, only to be captured by the masked gang, which takes them to a theater where upper-class purgers bid them for human hunting. In the purging arena, the sergeant fights back, killing the hunters. The host purger calls for backup and security forces kill Shane. The antipurge group invades the arena and kills more of the purging team. Liz chooses to join the antipurge group to avenge Shane's death. The sergeant hijacks the host purger's car and threatens her before leaving. The sergeant, Eva, and Cali drive up to a suburban neighborhood, and stop at the home of Warren Grass. He reveals that Grass killed his son while driving under the influence, but was acquitted. He ventures into the house, threatening Warren and his wife. The next scene shows the sergeant exiting the house covered in blood, only to be shot by Big Daddy, who reveals that the New Founding Fathers have secretly dispatched death squads to increase the body count because the purge eliminates too few of the lower class, possibly due to purgers murdering those they have personal grudges against and not just random people. Just as he is about to kill the sergeant, Warren appears and kills Big Daddy with his .45, revealing that the sergeant chose to spare him. As Big Daddy's death squad appears, sirens blare to signal the end of the purge. Warren drives Eva, Cali, and the sergeant to the hospital as news and police helicopters fly over the city.
The Nesting	American	horror	Armand Weston	New York City novelist Lauren Cochran (Robin Groves) suffers from agoraphobia and, in a bid to overcome her ailment, she rents a stately Victorian mansion in the country from a scientist, Daniel Griffith (Michael Lally) and his ailing grandfather, Colonel Lebrun (John Carradine). A series of strange occurrences begin once Lauren moves in; when she meets Col. Lebrun, he suffers a stroke at the sight of her, and she suspects that the house may be haunted after suffering bizarre dreams of women lounging around the house. She also feels she has seen the home before, and realizes an illustration of it appears on one of her novels, entitled The Nesting. One day, while investigating the turret at the peak of the house, Lauren becomes trapped outside on the window ledge, and has a vision of a woman inside. Her psychiatrist, Dr. Webber, arrives at the house, and is killed while attempting to save her. Several days later, Lauren is attacked by Frank Beasley, a handyman, at the house. Amidst the attack, he begins to levitate, and flees the house in terror; he has a vision of two women's corpses lying in his truck, and he flees into the woods, and stumbles into a pond, where he is dragged under and drowns. Lauren, bothered by the events occurring in the house, visits a local man, Abner Welles, to ask about the house after having heard Frank mention his name. Abner, a drunk with a bad reputation in town, becomes erratic and violent when she inquires about the house's history, and chases her away in his car. The two get into a car accident, and Lauren flees on foot and hides in a barn. Abner finds her, and attempts to attack her with a pitchfork, but it is torn from his hands by an unseen force. Lauren then stabs him through the head with a scythe, killing him. Lauren's visions in the house become increasingly bizarre, and she begins having precognitive dreams. It is revealed by Col. Lebrun to Daniel that the home was a former brothel during World War II, and that Frank and Abner murdered several prostitutes and soldiers in the home and dumped their bodies in the nearby pond. At the house, Lauren has an intense hallucination, in which she meets Florinda (Gloria Grahame), the madame of the brothel, and it is revealed that she is Florinda's granddaughter and, as an infant, was the lone survivor of the murders in the home. At the end of the film, she experiences a vivid hallucination in which her manuscript begins burning, and she witnesses Frank's truck crash into the house, and catch fire. At the end of the vision, she comes back to reality, and stumbles out of the house at dawn.
Life Is Beautiful	Telugu	romance	Sekhar Kammula	Srinu (Abhijeet Duddala) is a college student who has two sisters, Satya (Rashmi Shastry) and Chinni (Kavya). Srinu’s widowed mother (Amala) asks her children to move to their uncle’s house in Hyderabad as she got a job transfer. Amma promises to Chinni that she will return in exactly one year. The area in which Srinu’s uncle lives is divided into two areas: the luxurious Gold-phase and the lower class B-phase. Srinu’s uncle lives in B-phase along with Srinu’s Aunt, brother-in-law and sister-in-law, grandfather and grandmother. B-phase is filled with love and humble people including Nagaraj (Sudhakar Komakula), the B-phase “gang” leader, Abhi (Kaushik Darbha), the small-sized geek, Lakshmi (Zara Shah), who is new to B-phase, and Paddu (Gurshagun Kaur), who is also Srinu’s 2nd-cousin. Paddu’s parents, however, are wealthy and her mother (Surekha Vani) is arrogant. Nagaraj’s father is frustrated with his son as he has no job and always roams around B-phase. Gold-phase is filled with arrogant rich people who have no compassion towards the lower class B-phase. Some of them are Rakesh (Naveen Polisetty), Gold-phase “gang” leader, short tempered Suresh (Sanjeev), and Ajay (Vijay Devarakonda). Paru (Shriya Saran), the belle and Suresh’s girlfriend, is also part of Gold-phase, but unlike her neighbors, she is sympathetic towards B-phase. Srinu soon faces the Gold-phase rogues and gets into a brawl with them. At this juncture, it is revealed that Abhi is attracted to Paru, which angers Suresh. Chinni and her grandfather are insulted when a prestigious private school denies Chinni admission, citing her inability to speak English. Her grandfather challenges the school officials and motivates Chinni to learn English. Over time, Srinu and Paddu get close while Nagaraj tries to get close to Lakshmi. Meanwhile, Maya madam (Anjala Zaveri), the B-phase belle, is being harassed by an anonymous caller. Srinu, Nagaraj, and Abhi find out who he is and catch him. After Maya madam beats the caller, he reveals that he is from Gold-phase. At this juncture, Maya madam thanks the boys and acquaints with them. Meanwhile, the caller brings the Gold-phase gang along and a fight starts, which Maya madam breaks up. Annoyed with Maya madam, the Gold-phase gang tries to get pictures of her in the bathroom with a camera fitted toy drone but fail to do so. However, while fiddling around with it, they discover Srinu’s brother-in-law, Ashok, and Rakesh’s sister, Sony (Srimukhi), together. They confront the B-phase gang about it and warn them to get Ashok to back-off. However, Ashok brings Sony to his house, intending to marry her. The next morning, Rakesh, his father, and the Gold-phase gang come with the police to Ashok’s house to have Ashok arrested. But Srinu’s uncle (Ashok’s father), who is a lawyer, settles the matter citing Sony’s consent. Despite the struggle, Ashok’s and Sony’s marriage is conducted in a simple manner at Ashok’s house. From Gold-phase, only Paru shows up to the marriage reception and becomes acquainted with Abhi, which annoys Suresh. She also reveals that she is competing in the Miss India contest. At the reception, Ajay, who came with Suresh and Paru, sees Lakshmi and is immediately attracted to her. Ajay offers Lakshmi a job through Nagaraj, which she accepts as she needs money to pay for her engineering entrance exams. In order to provide a room for the married couple, Srinu is asked to move to Paddu’s family’s outhouse, which helps Srinu and Paddu spend more time together. Angry at Ashok’s and Sony’s marriage, Rakesh vows to retaliate. Meanwhile, the parents of Gold-phase rogues plan to usurp the local lake, which geographically belongs to B-phase, after finding out that B-phase people have been using the lake, which connects B-phase to Gold-phase, to sneak into Gold-phase. Rakesh starts retaliating by temporarily cutting power supply and water supply to B-phase. This only brings the B-phase families closer, as the families start sharing food and water and spend more time with each other. Meanwhile, Abhi’s dog wanders off into Gold-phase as it is attracted to Paru’s dog. The Gold-phase rogues trap Abhi’s dog and unleash their dogs onto Abhi’s dog. When Srinu and Abhi go to retrieve Abhi’s dog they are beaten up by the Gold-phase rogues. This again turns in B-phase’s favor when Paru visits Abhi to apologize. Paru also asks Abhi to teach her magic so that she can it show off as her talent at the Miss India prelims. Jealous over Paru’s closeness with Abhi, Suresh talks to Rakesh, who then starts his next revenge. Rakesh reveals to Paru’s parents about her closeness with Abhi. Eventually things get worse when one of Satya’s classmates, Manish (Charan Akula), makes a move on her and gives her a phone, seemingly planned by Rakesh. Ajay also starts moving closer with Lakshmi, which troubles Nagaraj. Chinni starts showing signs of missing her mother. When Gold-phase starts taking over the lake, B-phase manages to get a stay order through Srinu’s uncle. Following this, Srinu states that Gold-phase is harassing them only because they appear vulnerable. Srinu proposes that they compete in every way possible with Gold-phase and the friends decide that Paddu will participate in the Miss India prelims. Paddu’s mother, who is keeping a close watch over her after finding about her closeness with Srinu, initially refuses to let her participate but agrees when Paddu agrees to see prospective grooms. Srinu finds about this and, distraught, distances himself from Paddu, which troubles Paddu. Nagaraj is also frustrated that Ajay is moving closer to Lakshmi. He also attempts to learn English through Chinni. Paru invites Abhi to the beauty contest and during the journey, Paru and Abhi share each other’s feelings. The rest of the B-phase friends also go to the contest as Paddu’s guests. At the contest, Paddu feels overwhelmed and leaves the contest. She confides in Srinu that she is sad because he has been ignoring her and proposes to him, which he accepts. Paru inadvertently reveals her feelings for Abhi through one of her magic acts in front of everyone and goes on to win the prelims. While returning, Suresh and Rakesh confront Paru about her feelings for Abhi and state that rich should only use the poor and not acquaint with them. Disgusted, Paru leaves them and returns along with the B-phase friends. However, upon returning, Paru’s father asks her not to see Abhi anymore and she reluctantly obeys. Later, Nagaraj proposes to Lakshmi but she refuses saying that he is unambitious and irresponsible while she aspires to become an engineer. She again starts addressing Nagaraj formally in order to suppress his feelings for her. Dejected, Nagaraj confides in Srinu and Abhi. Abhi also explains that Paru has not been in contact for a while and convinces Srinu and Nagaraj to help him talk to Paru. That night the trio sneaks over to Gold-phase and Abhi manages to talk to Paru. She explains that she is not confident enough to spend a lifetime with him and is not ready to marry him. But when Abhi asks if her affection towards Abhi was just a Gold-phase plan to hurt Abhi, she slaps him, indicating that she truly loved him. Tensions between the two areas worsen on Lakshmi’s birthday when Ajay proposes to Lakshmi and accidentally hurts her when she refuses. Furious, Nagaraj starts to beat up Ajay when everyone in the Gold-phase gang and the B-phase gang get involved. The police arrive and break up the fight. Rakesh files an attempt to murder case on Nagaraj, Srinu, and Abhi and bribes the police. However, Maya madam comes to their rescue with Lakshmi and files an attempt to rape case on Ajay. The police convince Rakesh to drop the charges in order to keep everyone out of trouble. While returning home, Srinu inquires Lakshmi about Satya, who apparently said was going to Lakshmi’s birthday party. When Lakshmi denies any knowledge Srinu asks Paddu to check on Satya. Paddu confirms Satya is home safe. While a confused Srinu is talking to Paddu about why Satya would lie to him, Paddu’s mother discovers them and furiously throws Srinu out of her house. As Srinu returns to his uncle’s house, he finds Satya talking on the phone with Manish. The next morning, Srinu, along with Nagaraj, Abhi, and the rest of the B-phase gang, confront Manish and beat him up. Satya intervenes and sends Manish away. In a heated argument with Srinu, she confesses that she doesn’t want to continue her studies as she feels overwhelmed. After Abhi escorts Satya away, Srinu confides in his uncle about everything that has happened and decides to visit Amma to tell her about everything that’s been going on. Srinu, his uncle, Satya, Abhi, and Nagaraj leave in Nagaraj’s dad’s car to visit Amma. Srinu’s uncle takes them to a hospital where they find out that Amma has cancer. Doctors inform them that Amma stopped her treatment worried that the expenditure will eat into the money saved for her children’s studies but that the treatment could cure Amma. The group decides not to tell Amma of the events and leave after having an emotional talk with Amma. Upon returning, Srinu and Satya hide the truth from Chinni and focus on their education. Abhi’s love towards his mother grows and he lets her pinch his cheeks (which he actually hates). Nagaraj’s father, however, is angry that Nagaraj took his car without telling him, which has left him without any earnings (as he uses it as a taxi), and kicks Nagaraj out of the house, and gives him an ultimatum to return only if he finds a way of earning money. Nagaraj has always been interested in starting his own small business, which proves difficult as he can’t figure out what he should do and can do. Paddu’s and Srinu’s relationship seems to be falling apart as Srinu wants to focus more on his education and his sisters. Nagaraj also has been distancing himself from Lakshmi, which is difficult for her to cope with. Maya madam again comes to the aid and suggests that Nagaraj start his own cab service with the cars that her friend is selling, which cost Rs. 3 lakhs in total. Maya madam helps Nagaraj with Rs. 2 lakhs. Lakshmi talks to Nagaraj and tells him she is not happy without him and starts calling him informally again to rekindle their friendship. She also provides Nagaraj with the jewelry that her father has been saving up for her marriage, which is worth Rs. 1 lakh. Nagaraj successfully starts his cab service under the name of ‘Laxmi’, the only word he can spell in English. Having realized how much Nagaraj loves her, Lakshmi reciprocates his love. Abhi changes back into his old nerdy self, Lakshmi and Satya write their examinations well, and Srinu earns his degree and gets a job. When everything seems to be going well, doctors from Amma’s hospital call and inform that Amma’s condition is deteriorating and request Srinu to come immediately. Before leaving for the hospital, Srinu goes to Paddu’s house and asks her parents for her hand in marriage. Although Paddu’s mother refuses, Paddu speaks up and tells her that she wants to be with Srinu, which convinces Paddu’s father who lets her go with Srinu. Srinu, Paddu, Nagaraj, and Abhi go to the hospital, where Srinu informs Amma that he got a job and Satya wrote her exams well, and also introduces Paddu. Feeling confident that her children can settle down, Amma resumes her treatment. Chinni participates in an English-speaking competition against a student from the convent school where she was denied admission earlier, with judges and audience from both sides present. When Chinni is asked to tell about her mother in English, she speaks in English initially but has an emotional breakdown and continues to describe how much she loves her mother and how much she misses her now in Telugu, which moves everyone there to tears, including the judges from the convent school who decide Chinni win the competition. But Chinni, now that 1 year has passed, insists on seeing her mother who returns after successful treatment. Srinu feels nostalgic over the memories he earned through his time in B-phase. He meets with Rakesh and thanks him for troubling him, claiming that the Gold-phase harassment has given their lives completeness with both sweetness and spice. Rakesh thanks Srinu in return claiming that B-phase made him realize that wealth does not provide one with true happiness. Rakesh and Srinu shake each other’s hands. Nagaraj’s father hugs his son and welcomes him back. Paru visits Abhi and asks how he’s been doing, to which Abhi says that he is just happy because everyone else is happy. But when she asks if he has been missing her, Abhi gives a speechless look. With this, Paru leaves feeling happy for Abhi and B-phase. In the end, Chinni asks her mother do they really have to go back. Everyone asks the family to stay, to which the family agrees.
Tulasi Dalam	Telugu	horror	R. P. Patnaik	Satvik (Nishchal Deva) who is an orphan moving to Las Vegas to be with his girlfriend, Nisha (Vandana Guptra). He stays in an apartment with a roommate, Subbu (Suneel Boddepalli). Satvik is a staunch non-believer in ghosts, and keeps rubbishing other’s beliefs too. During a heated argument, Subbu challenges Satvik to spend a night in the nearby cemetery, all by himself. Satvik accepts this challenge, and succeeds too. But that’s when the actual trouble starts.Satvik starts experiencing paranormal activities ever since he returns from the graveyard. He starts to notice the spirit of a young girl, Shanti, following him around. Giving up, he finally approaches Dr. Tilak (R. P. Patnaik) who is researching on paranormal activities. Dr. Tilak helps them solve their problems. Who exactly is Shanti? Why is she following Satvik? How does Dr. Tilak help in bringing about peace forms the rest.
Supernatural	American	horror	Victor Halperin	Roma Courtenay (Carole Lombard) is approached by phony psychic Paul Bavian (Alan Dinehart) who claims to have a message from Courtenay's recently deceased brother. After attending a staged seance, Roma suddenly becomes possessed by the malevolent spirit of the executed murderess Ruth Rogen (Vivienne Osborne), who has unfinished business, including killing Bavian, her one-time lover. Fearing that Roma is actually under the charlatan's control, her fiancé (Randolph Scott) tries to rescue her. H.B. Warner plays a scientist who is a friend of the Courtenay family. At the film's beginning he visits the warden of the penitentiary where Rogen is incarcerated. He tells the warden that violent crime always increases following the execution of a murderer, and he believes this is because some kind of malevolent spiritual influence is released after the killer dies. The warden agrees to give him Rogen's body after the execution so that he can attempt to contain the evil force. Roma becomes possessed by Ruth Rogen's spirit when she walks into the scientist's laboratory while he is experimenting with her body. Just as she enters the room the corpse receives a jolt of electricity and the eyes flick open and make contact with Roma.
Gorath	Japanese	sci-fi	Ishirō Honda	Early in the year of 1979, Japan's most famed rocketship, the JX-1 Hawk, with its crew of 30 men, was launched from the Interstellar Exploration Agency’s rocket launch site at Mt Fuji into space on a 9-month journey to investigate the planet Saturn. After a 9 months journey to Saturn, the crew are given a new directive for the mission from Earth. It was discovered that a small, runaway planet, which some scientists believed to be the solid mega-dense core of a collapsed star that had somehow run amok. It is subsequently given the name Gorath by the international scientific community, had entered Earth's solar system. Upon encountering Gorath and attempting to investigate its rapid movement in the solar system, they discover that Gorath is smaller than Earth but with 6000 times Earth's gravity. The JX-1 is caught in its gravity well and its entire crew of the spacecraft lose their lives as the enormous gravity well of the approaching celestial body destroyed the ship. Back on Earth during the Christmas season, the transmitted data made its way back to Earth. A month later in 1980, astronomers and astrophysicists throughout the international community announce that the enormous celestial body would collide with the Earth in two years time. Later at the United Nations, a gathering of Earth’s top scientists resolved to this all-important goal by pooling together large amounts of technical advancements they made in the past two decades. After much debriefing, the scientific community unveiled their plan to save the Earth. They dub the plan the South Pole Operation. The South Pole operation base is to be designed to house a large international team of engineers and scientists. The plan involves the construction of huge rocket thruster engines, 500 meters below the surface and in an area 600 kilometers in diameter, producing an atomic force equal to that of 6,600,000,000 megatons. When completed and activated, these mega-thrusters would serve to literally move the Earth more than 400,000 kilometers out of its orbit in 100 days until it was safely out of range of both the approaching star Gorath and its devastating gravity well, and then move the Earth back into its proper orbit once the danger had completely passed. The U.N. then sends the remaining prototype sub-light spacecraft JX-2 Eagle into space to obtain further data on Gorath. Construction on the massive South Pole base is put into action as ships and helicopters from many nations bring in building material necessary to the plan. In addition, powerful mobile heat-generating devices known as atomic burrowers were quickly cobbled together to assist in the project of creating the caverns in the icy terrain of the Antarctic that would be needed to house the booster rockets. Meanwhile, in deep space, the JX-2 Eagle succeeds in its mission. The data they acquired, including the disturbing fact that Gorath was continuously adding to its mass by absorbing more space debris in the path of its gravity well. This information was sent to the U.N. personnel on the three space stations SSS-1, Terra and Delta. Back on Earth, the first preliminary test of the rocket thrusters is about to commence. Around the world, anxious citizens watch live television broadcasts of the event. The thrusters are activated and the results are witness from the orbiting space stations the Earth is gently along. The South Pole Operation is hailed as a success and the Earth was moving out of the way of Gorath's path. Meanwhile, in space, With this news, the JX-2 Eagle is ordered to return to its base on Earth, along with the three-space stations (all of which were moved from orbit to avoid having the multibillion-dollar constructs being struck by Gorath when it approached the Earth). Back on Earth, an unexpected threat was literally unearthed when the completed rocket boosters were tested. The backlash of incredible heat this created caused a gigantic, 30-meter-long walrus to emerge from its home deep below the frozen tundra [this creature was later named 'Maguma' in Japanese press info about this incident; Maguma was evidently a hidden remnant of prehistoric creatures that survived into modern times. Angered by the dramatic intrusion into his home, Maguma began attacking the U.N. base. Acting to save the installation, a small VTOL craft that was used as a means of fast cargo transport, but also equipped with a powerful laser, was sent to stop the kaiju's assault. The pilot was determined to halt the creature without killing him, and initially used the laser cannon to cause an avalanche that buried the beast. Maguma easily escaped, however, and continued his attack. This left the South Pole crew no choice but to turn the craft's deadly laser beam on the creature himself, and the enormous animal was killed. Back in deep space, Gorath was continuing its destructive path, now absorbing the rings of Saturn. The JX-2 and the three space stations finally arrive back on Earth. Sometime later, Gorath is close enough to the Earth to be seen by the naked eye and the atmosphere is reacting as the clouds are drawn toward the star. Tides begin to rise and a State of Emergency is declared. The Moon, Earth's lone satellite is pulled in by Gorath's gravity well and is obliterated. Gorath's full effect upon the Earth is felt as the great city of Tokyo is flooded by a tsunami. At the Interstellar Exploration Agency launch site at Mt Fuji, the JX-2 and the Space Station Terra are destroyed by an earthquake. The situation also became critical at the South Pole Operation base, as flooding waters enter the thruster area, extinguishing several fires. After the critical moment passed, the full global cooperation of every nation on the planet succeeded marvelously and Earth was moved out of Gorath's path, and then successfully actuated back into its normal orbit, thus saving the planet from destruction.
Puppet Master III: Toulon's Revenge	American	horror	David DeCoteau	The film is set during 1941 in World War II Berlin. A scientist named Dr. Hess is forced by the Nazis, especially his Gestapo liaison Major Kraus, to create a drug capable of animating corpses to use as living shields on the battlefield after losing too many on the Eastern Front. But, Dr. Hess cannot get it right: While the corpses do reanimate, they have a tendency towards mindless violence. In a small theater downtown, André Toulon has set up a politically satirical puppet show for children, starring a six-armed American Old West puppet named Six-Shooter, who attacks an inanimate reconstruction puppet of Adolf Hitler. The show is, next to a crowd of children, also attended by Lt. Erich Stein, Kraus' driver. After the performance, Toulon and his wife Elsa feed the puppets with the formula which sustains their life force, but they are watched by Stein, who informs his superior the next morning. Hess, genuinely fascinated by the formula, wants Toulon to freely share the secret with him, but Kraus wants to take Toulon in for treason and insulting of the Führer. The next day, André gives Elsa a puppet crafted in her likeness as a gift, but soon afterwards Kraus, Hess, and a squad of soldiers break into the atelier and take Toulon, Tunneler, and Pinhead. When Elsa attempts to prevent them from taking the formula as well, she is shot by one of the escort, and Toulon is dragged away from her. When Kraus prepares to leave, the wounded Elsa spits at him in defiance, and in retaliation, Kraus shoots her dead in cold blood. However, while transporting Toulon off, the two soldiers guarding him are killed by Pinhead and Tunneler, enabling Toulon to escape. After hiding for the remainder of the night, Toulon returns to his theater to find that the stage has been burnt by the Nazis. He finds Six-Shooter and Jester and leaves with them, then discovers a partially destroyed hospital and decides to set up camp in it. Seeking revenge, Toulon, Pinhead, and Jester break into the morgue to get his wife's life essence and inserts it into the woman puppet he made for her, and as she comes to life, he inserts several leeches he found in a jar into her. Later that night, Toulon carries out the first revenge attack on Stein while he fixes Kraus' car, along with Pinhead, Jester and Leech Woman. On his flight from his pursuers, Toulon subsequently finds shelter in a bombed-out building. Back in his lab, Dr. Hess is studying Toulon's formula, and desperate to meet and talk with him, he goes back to the old theater. Meanwhile, some friends from the puppet show, a boy named Peter Hertz and his father, find André and decide to live with him after Peter's mother was arrested on charges of espionage. The next day, Toulon sends Six-Shooter to kill General Müller, the supervisor of the Nazi reanimation project, while Müller is visiting a brothel. Six-Shooter manages to kill the general, but Müller shoots off one of the puppet's arms beforehand. Peter goes back to Toulon's old atelier to look for a replacement arm and is caught by Dr. Hess, who treats him kindly and gets him to take him to Toulon. Dr. Hess finds and talks to Toulon, who tells him about the puppets' secret, and the two become friends. But Peter's father betrays Toulon by telling Major Kraus about his hideout in exchange for a pardon for his family. Kraus and his men storm the ruin, but the puppets fight back, enabling Toulon and Hess to escape. Kraus stops Peter and his father, demanding to know where Toulon is; Hertz fights against and is shot by Kraus. While searching the nearby houses, one of Kraus' men is shot by Six-Shooter; but when Hess approaches him, the soldier puts a knife into him before expiring. Hess dies from the injury, telling Toulon to keep fighting. Toulon returns once more to his old theater, where he falls asleep from exhaustion and is soon joined by the now orphaned Peter. At night, Major Kraus returns to his office, only to fall prey to an ambush by Toulon and his puppets, now joined by Blade, infused with Hess' essence. Toulon takes terrible revenge on Kraus by hanging him from the ceiling by his limbs and neck, which are impaled by sharp hooks. After having a halberd from Kraus' office decorations planted into the floor, point up, Toulon sets the rope on fire; the rope eventually snaps, and Kraus fatally falls right onto the halberd. The film ends with Toulon, posing as Kraus, and Peter leaving the country for Geneva on the express train.
Dakota Lil	American	western	Lesley Selander	Tom, a secret service agent on the hunt for gang of counterfeiters, gains the confidence of one of the gang's ringleaders.
A Sailor-Made Man	American	comedy	Fred C. Newmeyer	The Boy (Lloyd) is an idle playboy and heir to $20,000,000, relaxing at an exclusive resort. When he sees The Girl (Mildred Davis), surrounded by a flock of admirers, he suddenly asks her to marry him. Taken aback, she sends him to get the approval of her father, a tough, hardworking steel magnate. The girl's father knows and disapproves of the Boy's indolence, and demands that he first get a job to prove that he can do something. The Boy sees a recruiting poster and applies to join the United States Navy. When the magnate decides to take a long cruise on his yacht, he tells his daughter to bring along her friends. She invites the Boy, but he finds he cannot get out of his three-year enlistment. Aboard ship, he makes an enemy of intimidating sailor Rough-House O'Rafferty (Noah Young), but when O'Rafferty throws a box at the Boy and strikes a passing officer, the Boy steps up and accepts the blame. He and O'Rafferty then become good friends. The Girl and her friends stop off at the port of Agar Shahar Khairpura, the City of a Thousand Rascals, in the country of Khairpura-Bhandanna, to sightsee, just as the Boy and O'Rafferty get shore leave there. The Girl is delighted to see the Boy and rushes into his arms. However, she has also attracted the attention of the Maharajah of Khairpura-Bhandanna (Dick Sutherland). The potentate has her kidnapped and taken to his palace. The Boy rushes to her rescue and single-handedly manages to outwit the Maharajah and his guards and escape with the Girl. Later, the Boy uses signal flags from his ship to ask with the Girl on her father's yacht, Will you? With her father's approval, she sends a signal back, I will.
Ullasa Utsaha	Kannada	romance	Devaraja Palan	The protagonist (Ganesh) is an irresponsible young son of a garage owner (Rangayana Raghu). He falls in love with a girl (Yami Gautam) who stays in his locality and does everything possible to woo her. She is not in the least interested with him, rather thinks of him as a nuisance. She is in love with an old childhood friend she hasn't met since a long time, and has run away from a marriage arranged by her step mother to get her money. Many fights with the hero later, she eventually trusts him to take her to meet her childhood friend.
Fantastic Voyage	American	sci-fi	Richard Fleischer	The United States and the Soviet Union have both developed technology that can miniaturize matter by shrinking individual atoms, but only for one hour. The scientist Dr. Jan Benes (Jean Del Val), working behind the Iron Curtain, has figured out how to make the process work indefinitely. With the help of American intelligence agents, he escapes to the West, but an attempted assassination leaves him comatose with a blood clot in his brain. To save his life, agent Grant (Stephen Boyd), pilot Captain Bill Owens (William Redfield), Dr. Michaels (Donald Pleasence), surgeon Dr. Peter Duval (Arthur Kennedy), and his assistant Cora Peterson (Raquel Welch) are placed aboard a Navy submarine (originally built to study the deep-sea spawning habits of fish) at the C.M.D.F. (Combined Miniature Deterrent Forces) facilities. The submarine, named the Proteus, is then miniaturized and injected into Benes. The ship is reduced to about the size of a microbe, giving the team one hour (60 minutes) to remove the clot. After the 60 minutes have elapsed, the Proteus and its crew will begin to revert to its normal size, become vulnerable to Benes's immune system, and (in the words of Asimov's novelization) kill Benes regardless of the success of the surgery. The crew faces many obstacles during the mission. An arteriovenous fistula forces them to detour through the heart, where cardiac arrest must be induced to avoid turbulence. They must replenish their supply of oxygen in the lungs, and then pass through the inner ear (all outside personnel have to remain silent to prevent turbulence). When the surgical laser needed to destroy the clot is damaged, it becomes obvious there is a saboteur on the mission. They are forced to cannibalize their wireless telegraph to repair the device. By the time they finally reach the clot, they have only six minutes remaining to operate and then exit the body. Before the mission, Grant had been briefed that Duval was the prime suspect as a potential surgical assassin. But as the mission progresses, he pieces the evidence together and instead begins to suspect Michaels. During the critical phase of the operation, Dr. Michaels knocks Owens out and takes control of the Proteus while the rest of the crew is outside for the operation. Duval successfully removes the clot with the laser, but Michaels tries to crash the sub into the clot area to kill Benes. Grant fires the laser at the ship, causing it to veer away and crash. Michaels is trapped in the wreckage and killed when white blood cells attack and destroy the Proteus. Grant saves Owens from the ship and they all swim desperately to one of Benes's eyes, where they escape through a tear duct seconds before returning to normal size. The original screenplay included a follow-up scene in which it is disclosed that, because of brain damage caused by the submarine, Benes no longer remembers the formula for unlimited miniaturization. Surviving stills suggest that this scene was filmed but never used.[citation needed]
The Ninth Gate	American	horror	Roman Polanski	Dean Corso (Johnny Depp), a New York City rare book dealer, makes his living conning people into selling him valuable antique books for a low price, and then re-selling them to private collectors. Corso meets with wealthy book collector Boris Balkan (Frank Langella), who has recently acquired a copy of the (fictional) book The Nine Gates of the Kingdom of Shadows by 17th-century author Aristide Torchia, one of only three extant copies. The book is an adaptation of one written by the Devil himself and purportedly contains the means to summon the Devil and acquire invincibility and immortality. Balkan believes two of the copies are forgeries. He hires Corso to check all three and acquire the legitimate one by any means necessary. Balkan's copy was acquired from Andrew Telfer (Willy Holt), who killed himself soon after. Telfer's widow Liana (Lena Olin) seduces Corso, in a failed attempt to get the book back. Meanwhile, Corso leaves the book for safekeeping with bookseller Bernie Rothstein (James Russo), who is then murdered; his corpse is found posed like an engraving in The Nine Gates. Corso travels to Toledo, Spain. The Ceniza brothers, book restorers, show him that three of the engravings are signed LCF. Corso deduces that Lucifer himself designed and cut them. Corso travels to Sintra, Portugal, to compare Victor Fargas' (Jack Taylor) copy of the book to Balkan's. To Corso's surprise, he discovers that the signature LCF is found in three different engravings, which vary in small but significant details from the images in the Balkan copy. The next morning, a mysterious young woman (identified only as the Girl) (Emmanuelle Seigner) who appears to have been shadowing Corso since Balkan hired him, awakens Corso and leads him to Fargas' house. He finds the old man murdered and the LCF-signed engravings ripped out of that copy. In Paris, Corso visits the Baroness Kessler (Barbara Jefford), who owns the third copy. At first, the Baroness refuses to cooperate, but Corso intrigues her with evidence that the engravings differ among the three copies. He explains his idea: each copy contains three different LCF-signed engravings, therefore all three copies are required for the ritual. Corso finds LCF on three different engravings in the Baroness's book, confirming his theory. Kessler is killed, and the Girl rescues Corso from Liana's bodyguard. When Liana steals Balkan's copy from Corso's hotel room, he follows her, and witnesses her using the book in a Satanist ceremony. Balkan suddenly interrupts the ceremony, kills Liana, and leaves with the engraved pages and his own intact copy. Corso pursues Balkan to a remote castle, depicted in one of the engravings, and finds Balkan preparing the final ritual. After a struggle, Balkan traps Corso in a hole in the floor. Balkan performs his summoning ritual: he arranges the engravings on a makeshift altar, and recites a series of phrases related to each of the nine engravings. Balkan then douses the floor and himself with gasoline and sets it alight, believing himself to be immune to suffering. Balkan's invocation fails, and he screams in pain as the flames engulf him. Corso frees himself, shoots Balkan, takes the engravings, and escapes. Outside, the Girl appears and has sex with him by the light of the burning castle, her eyes and face seeming to change as she writhes on top of Corso. She tells him that Balkan failed because the ninth engraving he had used was a forgery. On her suggestion before she disappears, Corso returns to the Ceniza brothers' now vacant shop. By chance, he finds there the authentic ninth engraving. On it, there is a likeness of the Girl. With the last engraving in hand, Corso returns to the castle. He completes the ritual and crosses through the Ninth Gate into the light.
Defenseless	American	crime	Martin Campbell	Lawyer T.K. represents Steven Seldes, who claims that he is innocent of involvement in making under-age porn movies. He is also her lover, so when she meets his wife things are awkward for her - he didn't say he was married and his wife turns out to be an old student friend. Next day she confronts him at his office and a fight ensues in which she injures him. When she returns later on, she finds Steven is dead, and has been stabbed 18 times. Upon finding Ellie's sweater on the crime scene, the Police arrest her for the murder, and T.K. agrees to defend her.
You Are My Sunshine	Chinese	romance	Yang Wenjun, Huang Bin	In their university days, Zhao Mosheng fell in love at first sight with law student He Yichen. Through various incidents where Mosheng stalked Yichen on campus, Mosheng's cheerful personality charmed Yichen, and they slowly became college sweethearts. When Yichen's foster sister Yimei challenged Mosheng for Yichen's attention, Mosheng turned directly to Yichen for clarification, but did not expect to receive a cold response from him. Mistaking that Yichen and Yimei are a couple, Mosheng followed her father's arrangements and moved to the United States to continue her studies. Seven years later, Mosheng - who is now a professional photographer - returns to China, and coincidentally bumps into the unforgettable Yichen. Since the seven years they broke up, many people stand in the way of these star-crossed lovers: foster-sister Yimei; Mosheng's marriage in United States; the unrelentingly infatuated ex-husband Ying Hui; as well as the financial grudges between the couple's fathers. All these situations continue to affect the two former lovers, but instead, these misunderstandings and challenges give them a better comprehension of the love they have missed over the past seven years.
Sammy Going South	British	drama	Alexander Mackendrick	Ten-year-old English boy Sammy Hartland (Fergus McClelland) lives in Port Said, Egypt, with his parents. When they are killed in a bombing during the Suez Crisis, the boy flees the city in the ensuing panic. He sets out to reach his only living relative, an aunt who lives 5,000 miles to the south in Durban, South Africa - at the other end of the continent and in a different hemisphere. Along his journey Sammy encounters a colourful array of characters. His first guide is an Arab peddler who dies in a freak accident. Sammy is then rescued by wealthy tourist Gloria van Imhoff (Constance Cummings). When she wants to return him to Port Said, Sammy runs off and encounters a gruff old hunter/diamond smuggler, Cocky Wainwright (Edward G. Robinson), whose life is subsequently saved by the boy. When the police search for Sammy, they arrest the old man, who has been a fugitive for years. After Sammy is finally united with his Aunt Jane (Zena Walker), he learns that the old smuggler left him his entire fortune.
Girl from Rio	British	romance	Christopher Monger	Raymond Woods, a junior manager in a bank in the City, is becoming increasingly bored of his life as it takes a downhill tumble. First he finds out that he has missed the promotion opportunity at work by his bad tempered and disapproving boss, Strothers, and then he catches his wife a couple of days before Christmas having an affair with Strothers. Touching down in Rio, he calls a cab to take him to a nice hotel. The cab driver, Paulo, takes him to a fairly run down hotel. Raymond insists he needs a much nicer hotel with a beach, while Paulo insists Raymond would not be able to afford such a hotel, but suddenly changes heart once Raymond shows him a large wad of cash. Paulo immediately befriends Raymond, with his eyes greedily on his cash as he owes money to the biggest Mafia leader in Rio. He insists that he is prepared to take Raymond wherever he needs to go and whatever he needs done can be done. Therefore, Paulo takes Raymond to the nicest hotel in Rio. Raymond trips up in a commotion at the door of the hotel, dropping his bag and spreading his cash all over the floor. Once he hastily shuffles it all away, the hotel clerks immediately show him to the Presidential suite. After a day of shopping and generous spending Raymond reveals to Paulo he has come to Rio to look for the famous samba dancer Orlinda. On Christmas Day, Orlinda visits Raymond to give him a present. Raymond is still angry at the fact that she has ended him up in this situation. She tells him that she wished the money was only a small portion of what he owned and it wouldn't matter that she took it, and tells Raymond he's a common crook. Leaving the safe after being ordered out, she tells Raymond not to give up hope. Raymond collects a large portion of the money and claims it is his. Orlinda then meets up with Paulo who takes his taxi and ties a rope to pull away at the bars of Raymond's prison. Raymond decides he should return the money to the bank, as he still has enough time to get back to England and return the money to the vaults without anybody noticing it had gone. He quickly buys a ticket back to London and hires a taxi driver to rush him back to the bank. However, when he arrives, the police are all over the building. About to rush in and explain to the police inspector, he discovers that over the Christmas period, somebody tunnelled into the vault and swiped the remainder of the money. Confused and relieved, Raymond leaves the bank, intending to return to Rio. Catching a taxi, when a couple leave, he recognises them as his wife and Strothers who have evidently just returned from their holiday in Tenerife. He tells his wife he'll leave her the address of where he's living in Rio to send the divorce papers, resigns from his job and goes back to Rio. He is next shown living with Orlinda and Paulo some years later with two babies and Bichero as his servant.
Murmur of the Hearts	Hong Kong	drama	Sylvia Chang	Yu-mei (Isabella Leong) and Yu-nan (Lawrence Ko) were born on the small and isolated Green Island off the east coast of Taiwan. They grew up listening to bed stories about a mermaid told by their mother (Angelica Lee). Now a painter based in Taipei, Yu-mei is in a rocky relationship with aspiring boxer Hsiang (Joseph Chang). She is also seeing a counselor for her anger towards her mother, which is making her see hallucinations and have trouble sleeping. It is revealed that her mother took her and left the island when she was a child, eventually operating a restaurant in Taiwan and becoming another man's mistress in Taiwan. After her mother died, she overheard her father saying he doesn't want to hear anything about her or her mother. To make matters worse, she is currently pregnant and she thinks Hsiang doesn't want children with her. While she is battling her own emotions, Hsiang is desperately trying to make it to the boxing competition. But he is losing sight in one of his eyes and when the fact is discovered by his coach, he is pulled off the matches and disqualified from being a boxer. One day, while the couple is having a meal in a restaurant, Yu-mei is overcome with emotions when she recognizes the restaurant as the one her mother used to own. She finally confesses that she is pregnant and Hsiang is grim but holds her hand. Meanwhile, at the same time, Yu-nan is now a travel agent working between Green Island and Taiwan. He too is troubled by memories of his mother, thinking she abandoned him because she liked Yu-mei better. As the film progresses, they all manage to let go of their demons and come to peace on their own. Years pass and Yu-nan stumbles into Yu-mei's daughter Hai, who is all grown up, and Hsiang in a bookstore where Yu-mei is doing a signing. Hai shows Yu-nan the book her mother authored and when he reads it, he recognizes it as the story of his childhood. Yu-nan meets her and they smile, having reunited at long last.
36 Chowringhee Lane	Bollywood	drama	Aparna Sen	In post-independence India an Anglo-Indian teacher, Violet Stoneham (Jennifer Kendal), lives a quiet and uneventful life at 36 Chowringhee Lane in Calcutta, now Kolkata. Her brother Eddie (Geoffrey Kendal, Jennifer's father in real life) is senile and ailing in a nursing home. After the marriage of her niece Rosemary (Soni Razdan), she is alone except for her cat, Sir Toby. Her only joy in life is teaching Shakespeare, despite the lack of interest from her students. Returning home from church on a Christmas Day, Violet runs into a former student, Nandita (Debashree Roy), and her author-boyfriend Samaresh (Dhritiman Chatterjee), and invites them over for coffee. They accept her invitation after some initial hesitation. However, they quickly realize that Violet's apartment would be convenient for their tête-à-têtes while she is away at work. When Samaresh requests Violet for the use of her apartment during school hours, saying that he would like to work on his novel, she agrees. For some time, this arrangement works to the benefit of all. Samaresh and Nandita get the privacy they desperately seek, and Violet has company when she returns home from work. Over time, she grows very fond of them, and begins to look upon them as her friends. Her old friends die or go away, she isn't appreciated at her job, and they are the only friends she has – the only people who can make her laugh. Eventually Samaresh and Nandita get married, and move on with their lives. Violet wants to meet them on Christmas Day, and bake them a cake. They have a party organized at home, however, and think she would be 'a fish out of water' if invited. So they lie about not being in town during Christmas. Violet comes over, any way, to drop off the cake on Christmas Day, and finally sees that she has been deceived by them. She walks home to her lonely life, slowly. The final scene of the film shows Violet reciting aloud from King Lear, with her only audience being a stray dog.
Jab Pyaar Kisise Hota Hai	Bollywood	drama	Deepak Sareen	This film is about Sooraj Dhanrajgir (Salman Khan), a rich playboy lightening the financial burden of his industrialist grandfather (Anupam Kher) by spending his riches on alcohol and women. His grandfather calls him for some official work back home, beginning with a hotel project in Ooty. There his true character emerges as he starts running after pretty women. The first one he lays his eyes on is Komal (Twinkle Khanna). He convinces her that she is his childhood friend and sweet-talks her into falling for him. But soon she sees him for the player he is and walks out on him.  Sooraj is smitten beyond infatuation and, knowing she runs a boutique in a hotel somewhere in Mumbai, he goes through the hotels of the city until he locates her. He tries his best to win her back but fails. Sooraj's grandfather steps in to ease the situation and asks her to marry him. Komal agrees, on the condition that he would have to give up his playboy lifestyle and become responsible: He would have to quit smoking, drinking and women for her to marry him. Sooraj, not quite the man he was, gives up every bad habit he has. One day Sooraj returns home and he finds a boy, Kabir (Aditya Narayan), claiming to be his son. Tests prove that Kabir is indeed his son, but Sooraj doesn't even remember the mother (Namrata Shirodkar). Kabir shows him a photograph which helps Sooraj identify the woman he had a fling lasting a few months. He brings the boy back, identifying him as his friend's child. Sooraj starts to like him and gradually, realizing his mistake, he recognises him as his son. But Kabir does not like Komal and is unhappy to learn that Sooraj never loved his mother. Later Sooraj has to choose between Komal and Kabir. Sooraj is about to marry Komal, but he knows that he cannot hide the truth from Komal. He falls into a dilemma. His friend Mahesh (Johnny Lever) suggests he should tell the truth to Komal about Kabir before their marriage if he really loves her. He tries several times to speak to Komal, but circumstances do not allow him to convey his message. On the day of their marriage, he lands at her house with his grandfather, Mahesh and Kabir. He accepts his mistakes that he made in life and tells Komal and her family that Kabir is his son. On hearing this Komal's family gets angry and demands Sooraj disown Kabir if he wants to marry their Komal. Sooraj refuses to do that and prefers his son over his love. Komal hails Sooraj's honesty and agrees to accept Kabir as her son and to marry Sooraj.
101 Dalmatians II: Patch's London Adventure	American	animation	Jim Kammerud	The Radcliffe family and their 101 Dalmatians are preparing to move to their Dalmatian Plantation, a home in the countryside with plenty of room for all of them. However, Patch, one of the puppies, feels ignored and wishes to be unique like his television hero, Thunderbolt. While watching The Thunderbolt Adventure Hour, he hears about a chance to appear on the show alongside Thunderbolt. Later, he is accidentally left behind when his family leaves for the plantation. Patch then decides to head for the audition event nearby to meet his hero and win a guest spot on the show. He fails to impress Thunderbolt and the producers, however; dejected by this, he leaves. Meanwhile, Lil' Lightning, Thunderbolt's sidekick on the show who is jealous of his success, manipulates Thunderbolt into believing the audition event is actually a cover for the producers to find a dog they could replace him with. After Thunderbolt leaves to prove he is actually a hero and not just an actor, Lil' Lightning tricks the producers into making himself the hero of his own show. Thunderbolt eventually runs into Patch and realizes he is extremely knowledgeable about his heroic feats on the show. As a result, he appoints him as an advisor for when he tries to commit heroic acts in real life, though he unknowingly does more harm than good every time. All the while, Patch continues to believe Thunderbolt's escapades on the show are all real. Elsewhere in London, Cruella de Vil is under probation and a restraining order for her past behavior, which no longer allows to maintain her old lifestyle. Despondent from this, she attempts to soothe her fixation on spots with the help of Lars, a French beatnik artist. In order to inspire him, she restarts her hunt for the Dalmatians, using a newspaper picture of Patch to find their new address. As Patch's family realizes he is missing and goes back to London to find him, Cruella bails out her former henchmen, Jasper and Horace, and sends them in a stolen dog food truck to steal the remaining puppies. They succeed after dealing with Nanny, and they take them to Lars. When Cruella requests making a new canvas out of their fur, Lars angrily refuses, not wanting them to be harmed. Angered, she has him bound and gagged, and returns to her original plan of making a Dalmatian fur coat. The captured puppies use the Twilight Bark to send a distress signal, which is picked up by Patch and Thunderbolt, and they set out to save Patch's family. On the way, they encounter Lil' Lightning, who has learned about Thunderbolt's recent escapades. He follows them and convinces Thunderbolt not to use Patch's stealth plan, but to openly attack. As a result, Cruella knocks Thunderbolt unconscious and he and Patch are captured. Lil' Lightning sneaks into the building, reveals that Thunderbolt is a fraud, and tells him that there was never any recasting plan before fleeing. Crushed by this revelation, and Thunderbolt telling him that he is really an actor, Patch falls into despair, but his siblings restore his spirit by reminding him that Thunderbolt escaped a similar predicament in an episode on his show. Patch breaks out and releases his family, but Thunderbolt remains behind out of shame. The Dalmatians escape through the building's roof, while Thunderbolt eventually decides to escape from his cage and free Lars. The puppies steal a double-decker bus, but Cruella, Jasper, and Horace discover the escape and pursue them in their stolen truck. A chase ensues through the streets of London; it crashes through the set of Lil' Lightning's new show in the process, and he is flown into the windshield. Cruella, Jasper, and Horace corner the puppies in an alley. Patch tries to hold them off while the others escape, but they are undaunted. Thunderbolt arrives, having been driven to the scene by Lars, and fakes a heart attack. In the process, he gains Lil' Lightning's sympathy and makes Cruella, in her distraction, knock out Jasper and Horace and then incapacitate herself. Patch retreats back to the bus and puts it in reverse, sending Cruella, Jasper, Horace, and Lil' Lightning scrambling into the River Thames, along with their stolen truck. The police arrest Lil' Lightning, Jasper, and Horace while Cruella, now driven completely insane, is sent to a mental institute. Patch's parents, the Radcliffes, and Nanny all arrive and are introduced to Thunderbolt. They thank him, but he gives all of the credit to Patch. In a post-credits scene, Patch stars as Thunderbolt's new sidekick in his show, while the other puppies are extras. The group chases the villain away into the sunset.
Kahani Kismat Ki	Bollywood	action	Farogh Siddique	Kahani Kismat Ki is an Action entertainer with Mithun playing the lead role, ably supported by Sharad Kapoor and Milind Gunaji. Shared on Dipak Sing Patar. Mktd By: Dsp Music.
Brother 2	Russian	crime	Aleksei Balabanov	The film opens with Danila Bagrov (Sergei Bodrov Jr.) appearing on a television show with his two friends from the army. It is immediately known, that unlike the prequel's subplot, where Danila was an HQ clerk, he was is in fact a combat veteran from the First Chechen war (which immediately explains his non-amateur performance and skill in the first film). All three comrades now live in Moscow, where Ilya Setevoy (Kirill Pirogov) is a professional programmer who works for the State Historical Museum on Red Square whilst Konstantin (Kostya) Gromov (Alexander Dyachenko) works in the security department for the Nikolayevsky Bank. Danila himself reveals his ambition to enrol in medicine at the university. After the program, the friends retire to an exclusive public bathhouse (the Sanduny) where Kostya reveals to his friends that his twin brother Dmitry is an ice hockey player for the Chicago Blackhawks and is being blackmailed by an American 'entrepreneur' Richard Mennis . According to Konstantin, his brother once played for his home club, the Kyiv Falcons before he was invited to play in the NHL and emigrated to the United States to play for the Chicago Black Hawks. Later he was signed by the Pittsburgh Penguins and from that moment he started to have trouble and difficulties with the Ukrainian mafia, who have been threatening and pressuring him. Dmitry (also portrayed by Alexander Dyachenko) was desperate and appealed to the local Chicago kingpin businessman Mennis (Gary Houston) for help and protection. Mennis took Dmitry under contract and granted him protection, but left Dmitry like an indenture servant. as all the proceeds are pocketed by Mennis. At the end Konstantin says that Mennis has come to Moscow to meet his employer, the owner of the Nikolayevsky Bank, Valentin Belkin (Sergey Makovetsky) to discuss a business proposal. Almost simultaneously in a different part of Russia, that same television program was being watched by Danila's brother Viktor Bagrov (Viktor Sukhorukov) and their mother. Seeing how her older son has turned into a drinking police sergeant, whilst her younger one is now on TV, she pleads with him to travel to Moscow and seek his brother there, as his life back home was bringing her little happiness. The irony of the scene is that in the first film it was exactly the opposite, where Viktor was the role model. After the bathhouse, Danila meets up and begins an affair with a Russian pop singer Irina Saltykova (playing herself), who he met at the TV station and crashed at her apartment in the elite Kotelnicheskaya Embankment building. The next morning Kostya approaches Belkin and pleads to remind Mennis about his brother. Belkin agrees, however Dmitry Gromov is of little concern to both as Belkin, being a Russian kingpin with money laundering partners, wishes to legalise their assets by investing in American companies, and needs Mennis's help to bypass standing law which prohibits foreign capital. The importance of the new friendship with Mennis prompts Belkin to remove Kostya altogether. That evening Danila stops at Kostya's apartment to discover his friend shot and sets out to avenge his friend. Knowing about his employer's lucrative deals, and Konstantin's desire to help his brother, there is little doubt who was behind the murder. After himself being briefly arrested and beating up some thugs in jail, Danila pairs up with Ilya to begin their revenge. First he clears out his apartment, where it turns out that only a small stash of money, that he carried from the first film remain. A visit to the black market results in a CD with personal information about Belkin. A visit to a local neo-nazi friend of Ilya's gets them armed with trophy guns and grenades from the Great Patriotic War. Based in the museum at the Red Square, they almost miss his brother, Viktor, who arrived in Moscow earlier that day. With his help, Ilya manages to quickly steal a car for the job. That day, a concert is held in an elite gimnasium, where Belkin's son Fedya is studying. Danila fools the security as latecomers, whilst Viktor distracts the other drivers/guards outside, making the impression that his boss i.e. Danilla is a very active member of the Russian underworld. Inside Danila arrives just to see Fedya being summoned to the stage where he reads a very patriotic poem, which deeply moves Danila. Intercepting him off-stage, he thanks him for the poem and introduces himself as his new teacher. With his cover in force, he approaches Belkin and invites him to the staffroom for a private conversation about the school's sponsor. One-on-one, at gunpoint he confronts him, and inquires about Kostya's murder. Belking reveals that it was not his doing, but under the pressure of Mennis, he talks of his illegal operations including smuggling of pornography and extortion. Afterwards he pleads for mercy, which Danilla grants, saying it would be a shame to leave such a kid with no father. After the run, the trio clear the museum, whilst Danilla gives Ilya his remaining money to purchase passports and tickets to Chicago. Upon Viktor's insistence they also take a Russian M1910 Maxim exponent. Belkin refuses to let Danila off, although it is revealed that Kostya's murder was unintentional, as he only wanted him sacked, however his stunt in the school now threatens his whole operation with Mennis. Belkin's thugs, reviewing the TV recording, first raid the museum, but arrive too late, issue orders to his contacts in the police to intercept the car, but Ilya's documents do not rouse any suspicion, when stopped by the traffic patrol. Danilla however decides to pass time with Saltykova, inadvertently bringing Viktor with him. Whilst Viktor tells Irina about this opinion on Russian pop music, Belkin's thugs find the stolen Volvo in a parking lot in front of the Kotelnicheskaya building. Saltykova's chauffeur Boris calls Danila and warns him, and the Bagrov brothers first ambush the mobsters and then lead them on a daring chase through central Moscow, into a closed ally, where Viktor makes a quick work of the cars with his Maxim gun. News of Bagrov's success enrages not only Belkin, but also his partners who begin having doubts in the security of their operation. Powerless, Belkin is forced to alert the Ukrainian mafia in Chicago, in case his thugs fail to intercept him in Moscow. To avoid capture, the brothers fly to America separately, and Viktor passes by Belkin's thugs without any suspicion in Moscow, and the Ukrainian thugs in Chicago. Danila instead lands in New York City where he travels to the Russian Jewish Brighton Beach community. There he buys a cheap beat-up car to travel to Chicago by road, but it breaks down just outside Pennsylvania. Stranded he is saved when a trucker Ben Johnson (Ray Toler) picks him up. Despite Danila's limited English, the two become close friends and on his way to Chicago, Ben shows Danila much about American life. Upon their arrival in Chicago, Ben offers Danila to pick up a prostitute, however the bald Marylin, turns out to be a Russian Dasha (Darya Urgens Lesnikova). Though not interested in sex, he gives her some money, but the charity is quickly snatched up by her Black American pimp. Back in Moscow, Belkin is still determined to catch Danila, however a background check revealed the bald man accompanying him (i.e. Viktor) is a professional assassin Tatarin and that he was on board the flight to Chicago. Paranoid, Belkin warns Manis and re-alerts the Ukrainian mafia in Chicago to find him. Simultaneously he dismisses his thug's suggestion to raid Saltykova, due to her fame, but instead commissions them to wire her phone. Foreseeing this, upon departure Danila created an alibi that he was travelling out of town for a few days and keeps deceiving Irina, and thus Belkin throughout the film. Viktor meanwhile arrives in the Ukrainian diaspora district in Chicago quickly begins to spend his money wisely (and gaining more by beating up a police officer), enjoying the American lifestyle, making tours of the city dressed as Al Capone. Danila sticks to the mission, and first attempts to meet up with Dmitry Gromov, but is unable to catch him. Nor are his attempts to rendezvous with Viktor successful as Viktor is too much enjoying his life. Badly needing a translator he decides to find Dasha and travels to the Black neighbourhood. Just before he can run away with her, he is savagely beaten by Dasha's pimp's henchmen. The Police let him go on the basis of recognizance and he gets revenge by tricking the same group who beat him up into selling him weapons, which he steals by subterfuge. Afterwards Dasha's pimp attempts to get even with her but is in turn killed by Danila, leaving Dasha no choice but to go with him. Finally Viktor and Danila meet up and the three enjoy an evening camp fire on the beach of Lake Michigan where they share their experiences and attitude towards American society. Dasha tells her story of how she came in the early 1990s as an exchange student, worked in escort service in New York before finally degrading into a street hooker. Viktor on the other hand is much too impressed with the power of money that drives America. Danila instead shows his patriotism, first offers Dasha to come back home with them, replying to her what will I do there? with the What have you achieved here? inferring to her social status. As for Viktor, Danila reminds him there are things that money can't buy. The philosophical discussion is broken by a homeless black man, who stumbles across them and is insulted when Danila called him a negr (not knowing that the word is an insult English). While waiting for fight to come, Dasha replies that she believes that the primal nature of black people drive fear into the white, which makes them ultimately stronger. However Danila's warning shot into the sand quickly forces the attackers to run. Afterwards, Danila begins to finally move in against Mennis, and first hits his front the Club Metro. Expecting Mennis to be there he sneaks a weapon into the toilet, and then during a Rock concert evening involving Bi-2 band he kills every member of Mennis's mafia he encounters in the basement. Mennis turns out to be absent. Viktor seeing he picked up the tail of the Ukrainian mafia decides to draw them away and kills their hitman but not before learning of the mafia's operations. The next morning Danila climbs 50 or so floors on a skyscraper's fire escape to reach Mennis's office. There he catches him in a game of chess, and killing his colleague, finally confronts him alone. As if continuing the debate on lakeside, in his monologue (in Russian) he asks the American if power really comes from money. Arguing that his brother (whose photo is lying next to the chess table) believes this theory, Danila instead thinks that power lies in the Truth. He (implying Mennis), being rich is not strong, as he took his money from someone else. Thus the tricked person is right, so he is stronger. In conclusion he demands that Mennis hand over all the money he took from Dmitry. Giving Dmitry his money, Danila sets off back home to Moscow, but unintentionally drives via the Ukrainian neighbourhood where he witnesses a police siege around the former headquarters of the Ukrainian mafia, where Viktor killed everyone inside. As he is dragged out handcuffed, Viktor shouts his intentions to stay in America. The film ends with Danila and Dasha taking off to Moscow. The final call to Irina, is not intercepted, as presumably, Belkin is also removed by his investors, who in an earlier scene, face to face told him, that the sum of money he set up in this operation is too much to be risked. Danilo and Dasha (Maralyn) Board the plane to Moscow. Dasha is told that she will never be able to enter the United States again, But she does not care signalling an intention she will never visit America again. The scene ends with the view from the plane - as it heads back to Russia.
Bang Bang!	Bollywood	action	Siddharth Anand	Somewhere in London, Colonel Viren Nanda (Jimmy Shergill) goes to meet a wanted terrorist Omar Zafar (Danny Denzongpa) in his holding cell. As Viren informs Zafar that he will be extradited back to India for his crimes, Zafar's men enter his holding cell, led by Hamid Gul (Jaaved Jaffrey), killing all guards around them, with Zafar then killing Viren by shooting him and then burning him. As Zafar escapes in a helicopter waiting on the roof, he puts a $5 million reward for someone to steal the Koh-i-Noor diamond from the Tower of London, but with one condition – the thief must be Indian, to hold up a new extradition treaty between India and UK. Soon after, a man named Rajveer Nanda (Hrithik Roshan) steals it, and when Zafar's men are informed of the theft, they travel to Rajveer for the deal. Although they initially travel with the $5 million reward, Rajveer informs them that he now wants $20 million for the deal. Following the disdain of the comment made by Rajveer, a fight breaks out between Rajveer and Zafar's men after which Rajveer flies away. After Rajveer escapes, a CCTV footage of him is captured, showing that he is in Shimla. Following an escape, he sees a young lady, Harleen (Katrina Kaif) sitting in a restaurant, who is there waiting for her internet date, Vickie Kapoor, to show up. Rajveer enters the restaurant posing as Vickie and woos her over. He convinces Harleen to use the bathroom and while she is in there, Rajveer fights the remaining men who came searching for him and leaves the restaurant, much to the dismay of Harleen. As she drives home, Harleen accidentally runs over Rajveer, who asks her to stitch up a gunshot wound sustained during the fight. Rajveer then gives Harleen drugged water, with her complying with what he says about the government officials, informing her about where to find guns underneath car seats and what they will say about him. The next day, the government officials with Zorawar (Pawan Malhotra) visit Harleen at her bank and threaten her to come with them. They tell her that if she does not accompany them, then they will reveal everything to her colleagues. Harleen decides to go with them to the police station. In the car, Zorawar tells her that they are not going to the station but they are taking her to a safe place instead. Harleen remembers about the gun that Rajveer had told her of. She engages the other official in small talk and finds the gun. She threatens both the officers to stop the car and let her go. At the same time, Rajveer appears on a bike and a chase sequence ensues. Both Rajveer and Harleen find a car and escape. When Rajveer goes out to shoot the goons, Harleen escapes and then bumps into her boss, Karan. She tells him about Rajveer and how random people are firing at her. Rajveer follows her. Karan tries to protect Harleen from Rajveer. He annoys Rajveer and gets shot by him in the leg. Harleen is exasperated but leaves with Rajveer again lest he shoots any more people. In the car, Harleen and Rajveer get into an argument. Harleen states that she wants to go home and that she had made a huge mistake by trusting him. Rajveer angrily decides to let Harleen go and hands over the car keys to her. He tells her that he has no other motive than protecting her. She feels guilty and decides to stick to him. They begin to drive again in silence. Rajveer checks a location on his phone which Harleen notices. He then tells her that he has not killed an innocent person before this and does not want her to die. He tries to convince her to come with him for dinner. They go to Pizza Hut where Rajveer realises that he has no money to buy food. They get into an argument about it. He teases Harleen about her internet dating and she slaps him. He threatens to shoot the server and she eventually pays for the pizza. Harleen asks him about the crime that he has committed and Rajveer shows her the Koh-i-Noor much to her surprise. She has a hard time believing that he is indeed a thief. As she comes to know about Rajveer, they realise that they were followed by Zorawar who says he has the restaurant surrounded with his men and will not be afraid to shoot Rajveer if needed to. As the officials convince Harleen to go with them, Rajveer tells Harleen that he cannot let her go with them. He shoots her with a tranquilizer dart and they both jump out of a window and escape. Harleen slips in and out of consciousness as Rajveer continues to take her to safety. She wakes up in a beach shack wearing a bikini top and shorts. She angrily asks Rajveer as to who changed her clothes and he confesses that he did it. She is angry beyond words. She beats him and bites his hand. Harleen then takes Rajveer's phone to call her grandmother, unbeknownst to her it allows the government officials to track their position. After a shootout occurs between Rajveer and the government officials, he escapes with Harleen with a help of a sea bob and a fly board. Harleen wakes up the next morning in Prague. As Rajveer was able to successfully lead the escape of them both, Harleen now entrusts Rajveer, subsequently falling in love with him. When Rajveer goes out of his hotel with Harleen, he sees that they are wanted by Interpol. Some policemen come at the moment and, in the process of concealing their faces, Rajveer and Harleen end up sharing a passionate kiss. Rajveer tracks Hamid Gul at a casino. Although he was to go alone, Harleen insists to take her along, to which he agrees. Staging a ploy for Gul's attention, Harleen and Gul meet in the hallway, where he tells her that a romantic candlelit champagne drink is waiting for her on the roof of the casino. Following this, Rajveer visits Gul at the top of the casino, and a fight ensues regarding the whereabouts of Zafar and he ultimately kills Gul. In the meantime, Harleen spots Zorawar and is taken to the Indian Embassy in Prague, where Zorawar says that Rajveer actually came to Prague to find Gul. Harleen is asked to get the Koh-i-Noor back. That night, the two meet on a bridge, where Harleen says that the trust between them is broken. Rajveer activates the tracking device himself, allowing the officials to surround them. Rajveer gives the Koh-i-Noor to Harleen and jumps from the bridge, but is shot, and is assumed dead. Harleen then returns home and remembers the address location that Rajveer was viewing on his phone. At the address, Harleen meets Rajveer's father Pankaj (Kanwaljit Singh) and his mother Shikha (Deepti Naval). At the house, Harleen sees photos of Rajveer and Viren, who are later revealed to be brothers and Shikha reveals their back stories. Although it is confirmed that Viren was murdered, Pankaj says that he does not believe in the story the army told him, saying that Jaiwant Jai Nanda, Viren's brother, who is disguised as Rajveer, had drowned despite being a swimming champion in his youth, as he was the only student who was able to cross the lake in only one breath. On her way home, Harleen is kidnapped by Zafar, who learns and reveals that the diamond was a fake. Zorawar is then revealed to be Zafar's right-hand man, and gives Harleen a truth-revealing drug to reveal the location of the real diamond. Harleen tells that Rajveer would have survived and is coming to kill Zafar. Jaiwant, in the meantime, is revealed to have actually survived, and silently kills every guard posted outside and places time bombs in every corner and enters the room. Zafar then orders his men to beat Rajveer but before Zafar is able to kill him Rajveer informs that the Koh-i-Noor was not stolen at all and it was a joint operation between the MI6 and the Indian Secret Service to get Zafar. The time bombs go off and destroy the castle. But Zafar manages to escape and captures Harleen again, after making Rajveer crash. As they escape with her, Jaiwant follows them with a F1 car and catches up to them. Zafar enters a flight with Harleen. Killing the rest of Zafar's men including Zorawar, Jaiwant shoots at the flight blades evidently grounding the plane. He soon boards the plane and a final bout takes place between him and Zafar. After throwing him to the flames, Jaiwant frees Harleen. When they are escaping from the aircraft, Zafar emerges from the flames again and shoots Rajveer. Jaiwant pushes Harleen out of the aircraft and a second bullet hits him. He then grabs the axe and charges towards Zafar and kills him. When the aircraft is about to explode, he jumps out. He loses consciousness and is about to drown when Harleen grabs his hand. The authorities air lift an injured and unconscious Jaiwant and Harleen. Jaiwant then wakes up in hospital, where his commandant Narayanan (Vikram Gokhale) is sitting across him waiting for him to wake up. He congratulates Rajveer for successfully completing the mission. He rues about the fact that Viren was murdered and that Pankaj and Shikha will never get to see him again. Also, he informs Rajveer that Harleen has been sent back to her home and he has to forget about her because she can become a threat to his life and also his weakness. Rajveer is also told that he will be shifted to a safe facility the next day. After Narayanan leaves, a nurse arrives and gives Jaiwant a medicine to drink. As soon as he gulps down the medicine, he feels giddy and asks the nurse about it. The nurse turns around and removes her mask revealing that she is actually Harleen and the medicine was a sedative meant to knock Jaiwant out. A surprised Jaiwant tries to say her name but Harleen asks him to keep quiet. Jaiwant faints and Harleen escapes from the hospital along with him. He continues to slip in and out of consciousness until the next morning. He wakes up and Harleen tells him that his one-day has arrived. Jaiwant realises that she has brought him to his house. He silently thanks her, and they both reunite with Pankaj and Shikha.
Wild Country	British	horror	Craig Strachan	The plot of the film revolves around a group of Glasgow teenagers who, while on a hike through the Scottish highlands discover an abandoned baby in the ruins of a castle. As the group attempt to get the baby to safety a mysterious wolf-like beast suddenly appears, lurking in the darkness and begins stalking them, intent on killing the group one by one. They soon realize they must kill the beast before it slaughters them all. The group eventually realize that the werewolf will be able to easily pick them off if they stay out on the moors, and decide to go back to the castle where they found the baby, and is also the beast's lair. After spending the night there, they create a plan to kill the monster. Kelly Ann lures the monster up a staircase and the boys push a stone down onto it. They then stab it to death with spears. Another beast enters the castle and kills one of the group. Kelly Ann and her boyfriend Lee are the only survivors and flee back into the countryside. The beast in the castle seems anguished at the death of its partner, and the viewer realizes that the two were mates. It follows the two and kills Lee. Kelly Ann and the baby eventually make it to the hotel where the group was supposed to meet with their guardian, Father Steve. Kelly Ann takes the baby into a bedroom to breastfeed him. The monster appears and kills the owner of the hotel and chases Father Steve into the bedroom where Kelly Ann is. He finds a mother monster feeding its pup, and it kills him. The viewer realizes that the baby was the werewolves' child and it infected Kelly Ann by biting her while she was breastfeeding it earlier in the film. In the credits, two beasts walk through a field back towards the castle while their offspring runs around them.
Conquest of Space	American	sci-fi	Byron Haskin	Mankind has achieved space flight capability and built The Wheel space station in orbit 1,075 miles above Earth. It is commanded by its designer, Colonel Samuel T. Merritt (Walter Brooke). His son, Captain Barney (Eric Fleming), having been aboard for a year, wants to return to Earth. A giant spaceship has been built in a nearby orbit, and an Earth inspector arrives aboard the station with new orders: Merritt is being promoted to general and will command the new spaceship, now being sent to Mars instead of the Moon. As General Merritt considers his crew of three enlisted men and one officer, his close friend, Sgt. Mahoney (Mickey Shaughnessy) volunteers. The general turns him down for being 20 years too old. Hearing that Mars is the new destination, Barney Merritt volunteers to be the second officer. Right after the crew watches a TV broadcast from their family and friends, the mission blasts off for the Red Planet. The general's undiagnosed and growing space fatigue is beginning to seriously affect his judgement: Reading his Bible frequently, he has doubts about the righteousness of the mission. After launch, Sgt. Mahoney is discovered to be a stowaway, having hidden in a crew spacesuit. Their piloting radar antenna later fails, and two crewmen go outside to make repairs. They manage to get it working just as their monitors show a glowing planetoid, 20 times larger than their spaceship, coming at them from astern. The general fires the engines, barely managing to avoid a collision, but the planetoid's fast-orbiting debris punctures Sgt. Fodor (Ross Martin)'s spacesuit, killing him instantly. After a religious service in space, Fodor's body is cast adrift into the void. Eight months later, the general is becoming increasingly mentally unbalanced, focusing on Sgt. Fodor's loss as God's judgement. On the Mars landing approach, he attempts to crash their spaceship, now convinced the mission violates the laws of God. Barney wrests control away from his father, landing the large flying wing glider-rocket safely. Later, as the crew takes their first steps on the Red Planet, they look up and see water pouring down from the now vertical return rocket. Barney quickly discovers the leak is sabotage caused by his father, who threatens his son with a .45 automatic. The two struggle and the pistol discharges, killing the general. Sgt. Mahoney, who observed only the last stages of the struggle, wants Barney confined under arrest with the threat of court martial, but cooler heads prevail; Barney becomes the ranking officer. Mars proves to be inhospitable, and they struggle to survive with their decreased water supply. Earth's correct orbital position for a return trip is one year away. While glumly celebrating their first Christmas on Mars, a sudden snowstorm blows in, allowing them to replenish their water supply. As their launch window arrives, they hear low rumbling sounds, then see rocks falling, and feel the ground shake violently. The ground level shifts during this violent marsquake. Their spaceship is now leaning at a precarious angle and cannot make an emergency blast off. To right the spaceship, the crew uses the rocket engines' powerful thrust to shift the ground under the landing legs. The attempt works and they blast off, the spaceship rising just as the Martian surface completely collapses. Once in space, Barney and Mahoney reconcile. Impressed with Barney's heroism and leadership while on Mars, Mahoney concludes that pursuing Barney's court martial for his father's death would only impugn the general's reputation, tarnishing what previously had been a spotless military career. Better is the fiction that the man who conquered space died in the line of duty, sacrificing himself to save his crew.
In the Meantime, Darling	American	romance	Otto Preminger	Due to limited wartime housing, Army lieutenant Danny Ferguson (Frank Latimore) and fiancée Maggie Preston (Jeanne Crain) must postpone their wedding until a room in the Craig Hotel, where married officers stationed at nearby Camp Fielding live with their wives, becomes available. When their accommodations are ready, Maggie arrives with her wealthy parents Henry and Vera (Eugene Pallette and Mary Nash), who are unhappy about the living conditions their daughter will be forced to endure. Initially Maggie is too happy to care, but once the newlywed is left alone during the day while her husband is on the base, she begins to become disenchanted with her surroundings and the lack of service her privileged background has groomed her to expect. Unaware of what is expected of her in her new capacity of army wife, Maggie quickly becomes an outcast among the other women. Not helping her situation is an obvious lack of any domestic skills that would allow her to assist in the daily routine at the hotel. Increasingly upset with her situation, she lashes out at hotel manager Mrs. Jerry Armstrong (Jane Randolph). Her mood softens when she learns Jerry's husband was killed in battle overseas and she has remained at the hotel to honor his memory. Maggie's attitude changes and she befriends some of the other wives, particularly Shirley (Gale Robbins), who is married to Danny's best friend Lt. Red Pianatowski (Stanley Prager). When Danny finds himself the target of snide remarks made by his fellow officers, he discovers Maggie asked her father to use his influence to keep his son-in-law based in the States instead of being shipped overseas. Infuriated by her interference, he angrily storms out of their room, and Maggie prepares to return to her parents in Philadelphia. When Danny returns with Philip, they discover a book about infant care Maggie had purchased to help her assist the expectant mothers, and he assumes she is pregnant. Rushing to the train station, he begs her to return. That night, at a dance honoring a visiting general, Red tells Shirley Maggie is expecting a baby. As Maggie tries to tell her husband the truth, he receives word his company is being sent overseas. Danny is disappointed to learn he is not going to be a father after all, but Maggie reassures him she will be anxious to start a family as soon as he returns. After Danny and Red ship out, Maggie and Shirley decide to find jobs in the defense industry and do what they can to support their husbands and the rest of the troops.
Not Without My Daughter	American	drama	Brian Gilbert	In 1984, an Iranian physician, Sayyed Bozorg Moody Mahmoody wants to visit Iran with his American family. He claims that his Iranian family wants to meet his wife Betty and daughter Mahtob, and asks them to come with him for a two-week visit. Despite her deep fears about visiting Iran, particularly due to the Iranian Hostage Crisis of several years earlier, Betty reluctantly agrees. Upon their arrival, they are all greeted warmly by Moody's family, but shortly before their flight back to the United States, Moody announces to his wife that he wishes for them to stay in Iran. Betty realizes that she has been deceived by her husband, even though Moody took an oath that they would return to the United States, swearing on the sacred Quran. When she protests, Moody strikes her, and nobody in Moody's family sympathises with her. Moody becomes more hostile and abusive, preventing her from leaving the house or using the telephone. Betty briefly manages to visit the American Interests Section of the Swiss Embassy, but is told that she is now an Iranian citizen since she is married to an Iranian, and as long as she lives in Iran, she cannot leave the country without her husband's written consent and has no parental rights over her daughter. Moody, alarmed by Betty's absence from the house, threatens to kill her if she tries anything again. Knowing that her chances of escape are minuscule, Betty conforms to her husband's wishes in order to gain Moody's trust. By chance, during a trip to the marketplace, she meets a sympathetic shopkeeper who overhears her telephone conversations with the Swiss Embassy and puts her in contact with a pair of humanitarian Iranians, Hossein and his sister, who offer to help Betty and Mahtob in their passage back to the United States. Betty accepts Hossein's assistance, especially after he mentions that Mahtob could be at risk of being forced into marriage at nine years old or be chosen to serve in the military as a child soldier. The plan becomes complicated when Betty receives news from the U.S that her father is seriously ill and may be dying. Moody allows Betty to return to see her dying father, but will not let Mahtob go with her. Betty decides to wait to return to the United States with Mahtob, but Moody unknowingly foils her by having her booked on a flight several days early thanks to his relatives' contacts in the airport. Betty eventually gets what seems to be her last chance to escape when Moody is suddenly called to the clinic for an emergency. On the pretense of going to buy presents for her father, Betty takes Mahtob and they contact Hossein, who manages to send Betty and Mahtob off with some Iranian smugglers, and using fake identity documents, they make their way past the checkpoints. Despite the difficult and very dangerous journey, Betty and Mahtob are eventually dropped off in a street in Ankara, where they see the flag of the American Embassy in the distance. The film's end title cards reveal that Betty and Mahtob eventually made it back home to the United States, and Betty became a successful author and dedicates herself to helping those in need.
The Thing That Couldn't Die	American	sci-fi	Will Cowan	A young woman named Jessica Burns (Carolyn Kearney), who claims to have psychic powers, lives on a remote ranch with her Aunt Flavia (Peggy Converse). An ancient box is discovered while digging a well discovered by Jessica while dowsing. Against Jessica's warnings, her Aunt takes it back to their house. Gordon (William Reynolds), a young man who has shown interest in Jessica, goes for an archaeologist, arguing the box should be kept intact for appraisal and opening by an expert. However, the Aunt's greedy ranch foreman, anticipating treasure, secretly convinces the slow-witted handyman to break it open. Instead, the box contains the intact head of Gideon Drew (Robin Hughes), a man executed for sorcery 400 years earlier. The head awakens and telepathically takes over the mentally vulnerable handyman. After murdering the foreman, the head has the handyman conceal it while arranging to have a coffin retrieved containing Gideon's body. After the handyman helps the head take control of a young woman (Andra Martin) staying at the ranch, it drives him to approach police in a threatening manner holding the knife that killed the foreman. The police had arrived to investigate the theft of the box's remains and the blood left behind from the killing of the foreman. Failing to stop, the handyman dies in a hail of police bullets. Once his head and body are joined, Gideon will be fully able to exercise his powers. The young woman is aware of the evil and is protected from the head's influence by an ancient cross she wears around her neck, but when Gordon removes it to make a cast so its historical value could be appraised, the head takes control of her mind. Jessica then helps find the head's body, previously being against doing so since they only wished to make money out of it as well as fear that it was an evil business. The young woman joins head to body and Gideon arises from his coffin, but Gordon, aware of the error of his ways, catches the monster off guard with the cross. This forces Gideon back into the coffin and, when they drop the cross in with his body, they watch the total disintegration of his mortal remains.
The Mangler	American	horror	Tobe Hooper	A police detective investigating a sudden rash of grisly deaths caused by an industrial laundry press machine discovers that a series of unfortunate coincidences involving the machine have inadvertently replicated a demon-summoning ritual. Due to various ingredients (including medicine containing extract of nightshade, a live bat, and fresh blood getting into the machine) being combined, the machine itself has become possessed by a demon. The story ends after the detective and his friend underestimate the demon's power, and in seeking to exorcise the machine, instead goad it into ripping free of its moorings and prowling the streets in search of fresh prey.
Journey to the Seventh Planet	American	sci-fi	Sid Pink	During their journey to Uranus, in the year 2001, an alien presence briefly assumes control of the crew's minds. They awaken safely but notice that a long - and unexplained - period of time has passed by. Upon landing, the crew finds a forested land oddly like Earth's, rather than the cold, bleak world they were expecting. This forest is surrounded by a mysterious barrier. One of the crew pushes his arm through the barrier, only to have it frozen. New features and forms begin to appear each time they are imagined by the crew. A familiar-looking village appears, complete with attractive women the various male crew members have known in the past. Soon, they must face a series of strange beasts including a giant bi-pedal cyclopean rodent and a lobster-like insect. The crew realizes that they have been the victims of mind control by a gigantic one-eyed brain living in a cave. There, they are confronted by the Being, whose mysterious brain cuts to the inner thoughts of the explorers and causes their thoughts to appear as seemingly real. The brain-Being plans to possess the astronauts' bodies and have them take it with them back to Earth where it will implement a plan for global domination. The crew gradually come to realize their peril and start to fight back against the presence, even eliciting aid from the sympathetic women. They must then confront the Being in its lair while it assaults each with monsters spawned from their fears.
Heart Beat	American	romance	John Byrum	The film explores the love triangle of real-life characters Neal Cassady, Jack Kerouac, and Carolyn Cassady in the late 1950s and the 1960s. It chronicles Jack Kerouac writing his seminal novel On the Road, and its effect on their lives.
Hostel: Part II	American	horror	Eli Roth	Shortly after the events of Hostel, Paxton is suffering from nightmares as a result of PTSD and lives in seclusion with his girlfriend Stephanie back in the US. The two get into an argument when Stephanie denounces Paxton's paranoia as exaggerated and insufferable. She wakes up the next morning to find Paxton decapitated. An unmarked box (presumably containing Paxton's severed head) is then delivered to Elite Hunting boss Sasha, as he relaxes at an outdoor cafe. In Rome, three American art students, Beth, Whitney, and Lorna, are convinced by Axelle, a nude model they are sketching, to join her on a luxurious spa vacation in Slovakia. The four check into the hostel, where the desk clerk uploads their passport photos to an auction website, and American businessman Todd submits the winning bids on Whitney and Beth for himself and his passive best friend Stuart and they travel to Slovakia. Later that night, at the village's weekend-long harvest festival, Lorna discovers that Beth has inherited a vast fortune from her mother. Stuart and Todd go to the festival, where Stuart approaches Beth and the two share a friendly, albeit awkward, conversation where Stuart says her name. When she uncomfortably asks him how he knew her name, he said her friend told him. A strange local man tries to dance with an intoxicated Lorna but when she rejects him to go on a boat ride with a local named Roman, the strange man says I could have helped you. In a secluded area, Roman kidnaps her with the help of two accomplices. Beth and Whitney leave the festival, and Axelle volunteers to stay behind and wait for Lorna. Whitney wants to have sex with a local named Miroslav, but Beth refuses to leave them alone together. The following morning, Lorna wakes up hung upside down, naked, with her wrists chained behind her back. A woman enters the room, and lies naked in a bathtub beneath her. She then uses a scythe to repeatedly slash Lorna's back, and bathes in her blood, before finally slashing her throat. Meanwhile, Beth, Whitney, Axelle, and Miroslav head to the local spa to relax. Beth dozes off, and awakens to find herself alone and her belongings stolen. While looking for her friends, she notices several men approaching her. Fearing for her life, she climbs over the spa walls. While escaping, she is ambushed by a gang of violent street children known as 'the Bubblegum Gang' but Sasha and Axelle arrive and save her. After Axelle and Beth leave, Sasha executes one of the children. While at Sasha's mansion, Beth is again pursued by the men who chased her earlier, and realizes Sasha and Axelle are behind it. She tries to hide and discovers a room filled with human trophy heads (including Paxton's) before she is captured and taken to the factory. Having been notified via pager, Todd and Stuart are chauffeured to the factory. Stuart enters his room where Beth is strapped to a chair with a sack covering her head. After looking around the room in horror, he takes the sack off Beth's head and explains what is going on. He unties her from the chair and almost decides to let her escape, but knocks her out and restrains her, having decided to take his anger for his domineering wife out on Beth. Meanwhile, Todd terrorizes Whitney with a power saw but loses his nerve after inadvertently scalping her. Horrified by what he has done, he tries to leave, but one of the guards reminds him that he is contractually obligated to finish her. Todd refuses, prompting the other guards to turn savage dogs loose on him, who maul Todd to death. The Elite Hunting representatives try to find someone else to finish off Whitney and inquire with other patrons, including an Italian man who is eating Miroslav alive. Stuart is approached by the representatives, and after discovering that Todd has been killed, he accepts the offer and beheads her. When Stuart returns Beth seduces him into releasing her from the chair. Stuart attempts to rape her, but she fights him off and chains him to the chair instead. She demands the code to the cell door from Stuart, but still needs to be buzzed through, which inadvertently summons Sasha and the guards to the room. Beth offers to buy her freedom with part of her inheritance, but Sasha explains that in order to leave she must also kill someone. When Stuart insults Beth, she cuts off his genitals and tosses them to one of the guard dogs, leaving him to bleed to death. Per the standard contract Beth is given an Elite Hunting tattoo, making her an official member. That night, Axelle is lured from the village harvest festival into the woods by the Bubblegum Gang, where she is surprised by Beth. After Beth beheads her with an axe the children start playing soccer with Axelle's severed head.
Gangvaa	Bollywood	action	Rajasekhar	The basic injustice at the core of Gangvaa is the way the landed classes take advantage of ordinary village folk. Early on in the film, a work crew finds a pot full of gold coins, and a suitably mustache-twirling zamindar (Amrish Puri) confiscates them to add to his already massive wealth. Enter Gangvaa (Rajnikanth) to save the day; Gangvaa kills Zamindar and his goons. Gangvaa puts together a band of the men who had suffered under the Zamindar's tyranny. Together they hang out in the wilderness and perform Robin-Hood-esque raids for the sake of vigilante justice. At some point Jamna (Shabana Azmi) encounters Gangvaa and is smitten. Then a village girl accuses Gangvaa of rape, and Jamna is enraged – it is here that she gets down to find the truth. It turns out that the rape was actually done by a totally different guy named Gangvaa (Raza Murad), and righting this wrong wins Jamna back for our hero, but makes him a new set of enemies that he spends the rest of the film fleeing from. Also on his tail is a police inspector (Suresh Oberoi), who cannot allow vigilante justice in his district, no matter how noble the intention.
Thoda Tum Badlo Thoda Hum	Bollywood	romance	Esmayeel Shroff	Raju (played by Arya Babbar) and Rani (played by Shriya Saran) are neighbors and studying in same college. But they never settle on their differences and always fight. Rani keeps on making complains against Raju and hence his father (played by Kiran Karmarkar) scolds his son as good-for-nothing. However, both families have good relationship. Rani's father (played by Ashok Saraf) is a police commissioner and a good friend of Raju's father. The hatred between Raju and Rani takes an ugly turn when Rani slaps Raju during a college competition thus humiliating him. Rani's father is then transferred to Kodaikanal and as a friendly gesture, Raju along with his parents go to the railway station to bid adieu. Rani is surprised by this change in his behaviour and she too undergoes a change inside her heart towards Raju. The two after separating from each other realise how they actually are in love.
Hellfighters	American	action	Andrew V. McLaglen	Chance Buckman is the head of a Houston–based oil well firefighting outfit. With a team that includes Joe Horn, Greg Parker, and George Harris, Chance travels around the world putting out blazes at well heads from industrial accident, explosion or terrorist attack. Chance enjoys the thrills, but longs for ex-wife Madelyn. She divorced him 20 years earlier, taking their daughter Letitia with her, because Madelyn could not bear to see her husband risk his life. Though they love each other, Madelyn could not deal with her terror that Chance might burn to death in a fire. While extinguishing a burning wellhead, Chance suffers a near-fatal accident when he is crushed by a bulldozer blade. Against his wishes, his daughter Letitia (Tish) visits him in the hospital, summoned by his old friend and former firefighting partner Jack Lomax and fetched by Greg Parker in The Buckman Company's corporate jet. She also pursues Greg Parker to a well fire in Louisiana. (Greg has a notorious reputation for using fires to pick up women. Generally, any woman he takes to a fire ends up in bed with him.) In the case of Buckman's spitfire of a daughter, however, after considerable initial friction Greg and Tish fall in love and marry five days after their first meeting. In spite of Greg's reputation, Buckman comes to trust his daughter's choice and accepts Greg into the family. Madelyn, projecting her own fears onto her daughter, though gracious is rather less accepting, despite her liking for Greg. Greg suspects that his new father-in-law is growing increasingly protective of him after the marriage in an effort to protect his daughter from heartbreak should her new husband be harmed or killed. Tish wishes to see the fires that her husband and father fight, something that neither man encourages. Her father relents and allows her to accompany Greg into the field. Chance, trying to re-unite with his ex-wife, leaves The Buckman Company to accept an executive position with his old friend Jack Lomax on the board of directors of Lomax Oil as a way to win her back. Chance gives his company to his son-in-law as a wedding present, although Greg's pride forces him to tell Buckman he doesn't want any gifts and that he will pay twice what it's worth. Greg and Tish begin traveling the world to put out oil fires. Soon the older couple announce that they will remarry, to the delight of Tish. Madelyn is happy to see her husband in a safe job, but before too long Chance becomes bored with corporate life and longs to be back in the field. As Jack Lomax earlier told Tish, Your father is the best there is at what he does. No man can walk away from that. Greg encounters problems with a fire in Venezuela: five oil wells in a tight line burning all at once, further compounded by guerrillas who are trying to undermine the operation. He asks Chance to return and help fight the fire. Chance does so without hesitation. Buckman goes to Venezuela in an Texas Air National Guard transport full of firefighting gear, unaware that Madelyn and Tish have followed him to Caracas. Madelyn uses Jack Lomax's influence with the President of Venezuela to get herself and Tish to the oilfield where the fire is burning. Madelyn declares This is it for me, in the sense that it will either make or break her ability to deal with the fires once and for all, fully aware that her relationship with Chance is on the line. The Hellfighters put out the fires with the help of the Venezuelan Army while under attack by rebel P-40 Tomahawk fighters that strafe the oilfield. Madelyn explodes in anger at what she perceives as the Venezuelans' inability to protect the team from the unexpected air raid, railing at the Venezuelan army and civil officials for allowing the guerrillas to get close enough to attack. Chance pulls her away during her tirade. She snaps, Damned if I understand your attitude!, to which he replies, It's very simple — you'll do. When Greg asks Tish for her take on it, she just smiles and says, I think we ought to get her a tin hat, referring to the bright red hardhats with The Buckman Company logo worn by the Hellfighters.
Butley	British	drama	Harold Pinter	The title character, a literature professor and longtime T. S. Eliot scholar with a recently developed interest in Beatrix Potter, is a suicidal alcoholic, who loses his wife and his male lover on the same day. The dark comedy encompasses several hours in which he bullies students, friends, and colleagues, while falling apart at the seams. Apart from an opening sequence of Butley waking in his flat with a hangover and taking the Underground and occasional shots in the corridor and the pub at lunchtime, the entire film takes place in Butley's office. In his introduction to the trade edition of the play, the film's director Harold Pinter wrote: The film lasts 130 minutes and was shot at Shepperton Studios. The Executive Producer was Otto Plaschkes and the cinematographer was Gerry Fisher.
The Skeleton Key	American	horror	Iain Softley	Caroline Ellis, a hospice aide, quits her position at a hospital and is hired as the caretaker of an isolated plantation house in Terrebonne Parish, Louisiana. The elderly lady of the house, Violet Devereaux, needs help looking after her husband Benjamin, who was mostly paralyzed by an apparent stroke. At the insistence of the family's estate lawyer, Luke Marshall, Caroline accepts the position. After Ben attempts to escape his room during a storm, Caroline uses a skeleton key which Violet gave her, to investigate the house's attic, where Violet says Ben suffered his stroke. She discovers a secret room filled with ritual paraphernalia. Caroline confronts Violet, who reveals that the room used to belong to two African American servants who were employed at the house 90 years before. The servants, Mama Cecile and Papa Justify, were renowned Hoodoo practitioners, and were lynched after conducting a ritual with the owner's two children (from whom Violet and Ben later bought the house). Violet tells Caroline that they do not keep mirrors in the house because they see reflections of Cecile and Justify in them. Caroline borrows a phonograph record called the Conjure of Sacrifice from the attic, which is a recording of Papa Justify reciting a Hoodoo ritual. Caroline surmises that Ben's stroke was induced by Hoodoo, but believes that his paralytic state is a nocebo effect induced by his own belief, rather than something supernatural. Taking advice from her friend Jill, Caroline accesses a hidden Hoodoo shop in a nearby laundromat, where a Hoodoo woman gives her tools and instructions to cure Ben. After conducting the ritual, Ben regains some ability to speak and move, and he begs Caroline to get him away from Violet. Caroline tells Luke about her suspicions towards Violet, but he remains skeptical. They travel to a gas station that Caroline previously noted was lined with brick dust, which she was told is a defense against Hoodoo; supposedly, no one who means one harm can pass a line of brick dust. She asks one of the proprietors, a blind woman, about the Conjure of Sacrifice, which she learns is a Hoodoo spell wherein the caster steals the remaining years of life from the victim. Increasingly convinced of Hoodoo's authenticity, Caroline fears that Violet will soon cast the spell on Ben. Caroline discovers that Violet is unable to pass a line of brick dust laid across one of the house's doorways, confirming her suspicions. She incapacitates Violet and attempts to escape the house with Ben, but Violet uses magic to chain the front gate. Caroline hides Ben on the property and enters Luke's office for help. Luke, revealed to be Violet's accomplice, brings Caroline back to the house. With strategic use of brick dust, Caroline flees to the attic (pushing Violet down the stairs and breaking her legs in the process), calls 9-1-1 and Jill for help, and casts what she believes is a protective spell. Violet, having caught up with her, reveals she actually trapped herself inside a protective circle. Violet pushes a full-length mirror at Caroline, which reflects one of the original owner's children, then Violet, and lastly Cecile. A recording of the Conjure of Sacrifice plays, and the two switch bodies. Violet (revealed to be Mama Cecile, who had been occupying Violet's body through the Conjure) wakes up in Caroline's body, and force-feeds Caroline (now in Violet's body) a potion that induces a stroke-like paralytic state. Luke (revealed to be Papa Justify) arrives upstairs, and it is revealed that Mama Cecile and Papa Justify have been conducting the Conjure of Sacrifice on new people since their supposed lynching. Because Hoodoo is supposedly only effective on those who believe in it, Cecile and Justify had to wait for Caroline to come to believe in Hoodoo through her own investigation. Emergency services arrive the next morning and take Caroline and Luke away, trapped in the paralyzed dying bodies of Violet and Ben; Luke (Justify) tells Jill when she arrives that the Devereauxes left the house to Caroline, ensuring that Cecile and Justify will continue to occupy the house.
The Love Test	British	comedy	Michael Powell	When a woman is made the head of a chemistry laboratory, her colleagues hatch a plot to make her fall in love, and neglect her work duties.[1]
Most Wanted	American	action	David Hogan	James Dunn (Wayans), a United States Marine who served in the Gulf War, is wrongly accused of an assassination of an officer he had disputed with. Dunn is later saved from death row and recruited for a top-secret special operations squad led by Lt. Col. Grant Casey (Voight). Their mission is to neutralize criminals who had avoided conventional law enforcement methods. On his first mission, Dunn finds that his purpose is to actually be falsely perceived as the man who assassinated the first lady. Soon, a search begins for Dunn and Dr. Victoria Constantini (Hennessy) who happened to videotape what occurred. One of the forces looking for him is the military, led by General Adam Woodward, which is in fact the real name for Grant Casey.
The Punisher	American	action	Mark Goldblatt	Frank Castle is the city's most wanted, and most mysterious vigilante, known as The Punisher. He has killed 125 criminals in the past five years. An ex-police officer, Castle's family was murdered in a mob hit, in which Castle was also thought to have perished. This, combined with Castle's furtive methods of attack, has made the Punisher's identity a mystery to the general public. Living in the sewers and waging a one-man war against organized crime, his only friend is an old alcoholic named Shake, a former stage actor who speaks in rhyme for reasons unexplained. Now legally declared dead, Castle strikes back from beyond the grave, killing mobsters wherever he can find them. Due to his war against them, the Mafia families have weakened, forcing one of the family leaders, Gianni Franco, to come out of retirement. Franco has a plan to unify the families. This, however, has attracted the attention of the Yakuza, Asia's most powerful crime syndicate. Led by Lady Tanaka, the Yakuza decide to take over the Mafia families and all of their interests. In order to sway the mobsters to their cause, they kidnap their children and hold them for ransom. Shake pleads with the Punisher to save the children, who are likely to be sold into the Arab slave trade regardless of whether the Mafia give into the demands. The Punisher attacks Yakuza businesses, warning that for every day the children are held in captivity, he will inflict heavy costs on them in property damage. The Yakuza later capture the Punisher and Shake and attempt to torture them into submission, but the Punisher breaks free and decides the only course of action is a direct rescue. He is able to save most of the children with a .45 Thompson M1928 submachine gun against the Yakuza guards and commandeers a bus to get the kidnapped children to safety. However prior to this Tommy Franco, the son of Gianni Franco, had been taken away to Yakuza headquarters. When driving the busload of kids, the Punisher runs into a police roadblock and is arrested. While in custody Castle is reunited with one of his old partners, who warns his multiple killings will likely get him executed, however at a later point Castle is broken out of jail by Franco's men. Franco admits he brought this on himself as the hit on Castle's family was an error, and persuades the Punisher to help him save his son. Castle ironically agrees to work with his old enemy for the sake of stopping the Japanese criminal underworld from taking root in America. Franco and the Punisher raid the Yakuza headquarters, fight and kill all the Yakuza, including Lady Tanaka and her daughter. Upon being reunited with his son, Franco betrays the Punisher, but Castle defends himself and kills Franco. Franco's son then threatens the Punisher for killing his father, but cannot bring himself to hurt him. Castle warns Franco's son to stay a good boy, and grow up to be a good man, not following his father's misdeeds. He also warns he will return should the boy commit any crimes, then disappears. The police arrive, only to find no trace of the Punisher. Meanwhile, at his lair, Castle lets the audience know that he will be waiting in the shadows, serving his own brand of justice.
Ride a Crooked Trail	American	western	Jesse Hibbs	During his escape, bank robber Joe Maybe (Audie Murphy) sees famous US Marshal Jim Noonan, who is searching for him, stumble and fall off a cliff to his death. He enters a town on the dead man's horse, where he is mistaken for Noonan. Maybe decides to hide behind the badge for a while, but soon raises the suspicions of the local law enforcer, Judge Kyle (Walter Matthau). His real identity is nearly blown when the riverboat brings to town Tessa Milott (Gia Scala), a past acquaintance of Maybe's who calls him by his surname in front of the judge. Thinking quickly, Joe says she called him Baby, and did this because she is his wife. She must now pretend she is his wife to avoid further scrutiny from Kyle, but this in turn causes problems with her current boyfriend, bandit leader Sam Teeler (Henry Silva). The couple moves into a house and are well respected in town, although their secrecy is nearly compromised by a young orphan boy who expects the marshal and his wife to adopt him. Tessa struggles between her loyalty to her real criminal boyfriend and her growing feelings for Maybe, but each man wants to rob the town's bank.
Texas Cyclone	American	western	D. Ross Lederman	Pecos Grant rides into a strange town only to find that everyone recognizes him, but not as Pecos Grant.
Urban Legends: Final Cut	American	horror	John Ottman	Amy Mayfield, a student at a prestigious film school, is unsure about what her thesis film is going to be. But after a conversation with security guard Reese Wilson about her experience with a series of murders that had happened on the campus she had previously worked in, she is inspired to make a film about a serial killer murdering in the fashion of urban legends. Meanwhile, fellow student Lisa has a drink with classmate Travis at a bar before her scheduled flight out of town. While leaving the bar, she begins to feel dazed, and is attacked and abducted in the coat room. She wakes up in a bathtub filled with ice and discovers that her kidney has been removed. Attacked by her abductor, she tries to flee through the window, but is decapitated in the process. The next day, Amy is preparing the shooting of her thesis film but is deserted by the assigned camera man, Toby, who accuses Amy of stealing his thesis idea. Shooting begins with another camera man, Simon. When Sandra, Amy's actress friend who played a victim in a scene, returns to an empty studio after forgetting her keys, she is attacked and slashed to death with a straight razor. Her peers witness her filmed death when the material is smuggled into a sequence of takes of the scene. Amy is disturbed by the footage, and is unable to figure out who shot it; her peers, however, discount it as a piece of a showreel. Sandra's absence is unnoticed, as she was supposed to leave for an audition in Los Angeles for a bit part on ER the following day. Travis commits suicide in the campus tower, apparently spurred by a poor grade received on his thesis film which disqualified him from receiving the university's Hitchcock Award. At his funeral, the arrogant Graham, the son of a Hollywood director, offers to help Amy with her film; she declines, after which he discloses to her that he is aware of her background – her father was a famous documentarian, a fact she has kept hidden from most of their peers. After the funeral, Amy meets Travis's twin brother, Trevor, who explains to her that he believes his brother was murdered. Later, while Amy is recording audio loops of screams for the film, Simon is beaten to death outside, and the audio of his death is inadvertently recorded. While going over the loops, Amy is attacked by the killer, donning a fencing mask. She is chased through the campus, but manages to evade him. Before filming another scene for Amy's film in an empty carnival ride, sophomores Stan and Dirk are attacked and electrocuted while preparing the set. Amy discovers the corpses and is again confronted by the killer. She escapes again and informs the police, who attribute the deaths to accidental electrocution. Later on campus, Amy notices a light inside the bell tower, and finds her friend, Vanessa waiting there for her. Vanessa, a lesbian, presents a note she received addressed to her from Amy, in which it states that she has romantic feelings for Vanessa. Amy explains that she did not write the note, and fears that both women have been lured there. They are startled by the killer; Amy presses a panic button in the tower, but the killer manages to pursues them to the top of the tower. Once at the top, Amy is locked in a closet by the killer, where she finds the corpses of Simon and Sandra. Upon breaking free, she finds Vanessa hanging from the bell. Outside, Amy finds Reese, who was notified of the disturbance via the campus security system. Later, Amy meets with Trevor, who tells her he has found that all the murder victims worked on Travis's thesis film. After watching some of Travis's film, The Gods of Men, they suspect Toby, the only person who worked on the film who is still alive. They kidnap Toby and call in Professor Solomon to an empty film set to present their suspicions. However, Toby reveals that Travis faked Toby's sound credit to help him graduate, admitting that he never went anywhere near Travis's film. Graham happens upon the confrontation, watching from a window. In the confusion, Solomon reveals himself as the villain, attempting to frame Amy and usurp the Hitchcock Award – which includes a large stipend – by presenting Travis's film as his own. A melee ensues in which Amy wrests his gun from him and holds him and gunpoint. Reese stumbles upon the scene, and a standoff occurs. Solomon leaps at Amy, and she discharges the gun in his abdomen. At the Hitchcock Awards ceremony, Trevor attends to accept the award on is brother's behalf. As he goes onstage, a sniper appears in the rafters, only to be shot by Reese. The altercation is revealed to be a scene in Amy's new film, Urban Legends, on which Toby and Graham are working on her behalf. Later, Solomon, now wheelchair-bound, is in a mental institution where, after watching Amy's film, a nurse asks him if he enjoyed the movie. He is wheeled out by the nurse – Brenda, from the original film – who tells him that they have a lot in common.
Deep Blue Sea	American	horror	Renny Harlin	In an underwater facility, a team of scientists is doing research on mako sharks to help in the re-activation of dormant human brain cells like those found in Alzheimer's disease patients. After one of the sharks escapes the facility and attempts to attack a boat full of teenagers, financial backers send corporate executive Russell Franklin to investigate the facility. In the laboratory, doctors Susan McAlester and Jim Whitlock prove their research is working by testing a certain protein complex that was removed from the brain tissue of their largest shark. However, the shark awakens, and severs Jim's right arm. Brenda Kerns, the tower's operator, calls a helicopter to evacuate Jim, but as he is being lifted, the stormy weather causes Jim to fall into the shark pen. The shark then grabs Jim's stretcher, and pulls the helicopter into the tower, killing Brenda and the pilots. In the laboratory, Susan, Russell, wrangler Carter Blake, marine biologist Janice Higgins, and engineer Tom Scoggins witness the shark smash Jim's stretcher against the laboratory's main window, drowning him, and flooding the facility. The group goes to the facility's wet entry, where they plan to take a submersible to escape. Upon being confronted, Susan confesses to the others that she and Jim genetically engineered the sharks to increase their brain size, as they were not large enough to harvest sufficient amounts of the protein complex; this has the side effect of making them smarter but more deadly. When the group reaches the wet entry, they discover that the submersible has been damaged. While delivering a monologue emphasizing the need for group unity, Russell is dragged into the submersible pool by the shark and killed. The remaining crew opts to climb up the elevator shaft at the risk of destabilizing the pool. In the process, Janice loses her grip and falls into the shark-infested water. Despite Carter's attempt to save her, the shark drags Janice down under, killing her. In the facility's kitchen, which has been partially flooded, cook Sherman Preacher Dudley, whose parrot is devoured in the process, manages to kill the first shark with an explosion. He then makes his way to the elevator shaft, where he encounters Carter, Tom, and Susan. Carter and Tom go to the flooded laboratory to activate a control panel that drains a stairway to the surface, while Susan heads to her room to collect her research material. Carter and Tom reach the control panel, but the largest shark storms in, killing Tom and sabotaging the controls. In her room, Susan encounters another shark, and manages to kill it with a power cable, destroying her research in the process. After regrouping, Carter, Susan, and Preacher go to a decompression chamber, and swim to the surface. Carter realizes that the sharks made them flood the facility, so they could escape through the weaker mesh fences at the surface. In an effort to distract the last shark from escaping to the open sea, Susan cuts herself and dives into the water. Although she manages to distract the shark, she is unable to get out of the water. Carter dives in, but is too late to save her from being devoured. While Carter is grabbing hold of the shark's dorsal fin, Preacher shoots the shark with a harpoon, but also pierces Carter's thigh. As the shark breaks through the fence, Carter orders Preacher to connect the trailing wire to a battery, sending an electric current through the wire and to an explosive charge in the harpoon, killing the shark. In the end, Carter managed to free himself in time, and joins Preacher to see a workers' boat en-route on the horizon.
Betrayal	British	drama	David Jones	Betrayal follows significant moments in the seven-year extramarital affair of art gallery owner Emma (Patricia Hodge) with literary agent Jerry (Jeremy Irons), the best friend of her husband Robert (Ben Kingsley), a London publisher. With titles such as Two years earlier and One year earlier, nine sequences are shown in reverse chronological order with Emma and Jerry meeting for the first time at the conclusion of the film. Pinter based the drama on his seven-year (1962-69) clandestine affair with television presenter Joan Bakewell, who was married to producer-director Michael Bakewell. At the time, Pinter was married to actress Vivien Merchant.[4][5]
Morituri	American	action	Bernhard Wicki	Robert Crain (Marlon Brando) is a German pacifist living in India during the Second World War. He is blackmailed by the Allies into using his engineering experience to disable the scuttling charges of a German merchant ship carrying rubber from Japan. The Allies hope to recover the ship before it is scuttled by the captain because rubber is in short supply and essential for various uses in the war effort. On board the ship, Crain finds the captain (Yul Brynner) to be a patriotic German who despises the Nazis. His first officer, however, is a fanatical Party member. Several of the crew are political prisoners pressed into service because of labor shortages. Eventually Crain enlists them in a plan to give the ship to the Allies. Complications arise when several American prisoners and two suspicious Germany Naval officers are brought on board from a Japanese submarine. One prisoner, Esther (Janet Margolin), a young German Jewess, joins the plot. About to be exposed, Crain organizes a mutiny which fails, after which he sets off demolition charges. The surviving crew abandons ship, leaving behind Crain and the captain. The lard being transported in the hold spills and acts as a temporary stopper, keeping them afloat. Crain convinces the captain to radio the Allies for rescue.
Lady Audley's Secret	British	drama	Jack Denton	Sir Michael Audley marries a younger woman. She throws her first husband down a well, is blackmailed by a gardener who knows her secret, and tries to burn him to death. But something goes wrong.
She Wore a Yellow Ribbon	American	western	John Ford	On the verge of his retirement at Fort Starke, a one-troop cavalry post, aging US Cavalry Captain Nathan Cutting Brittles (John Wayne) is given one last mission: to take his troop and deal with a breakout from the reservation by the Cheyenne and Arapaho following the defeat of George Armstrong Custer at the Battle of the Little Big Horn. Brittles' task is complicated by being forced at the same time to deliver his commanding officer's wife and niece, Abby Allshard (Mildred Natwick) and Olivia Dandridge (Joanne Dru), to an eastbound stage and by the need to avoid a new Indian war. His troop officers, 1st Lt. Flint Cohill (John Agar) and 2nd Lt. Ross Pennell (Harry Carey, Jr.), meanwhile vie for the affections of Miss Dandridge while uneasily anticipating the retirement of their captain and mentor. Assisting him with his mission is Capt. Brittles' chief scout, Sgt. Tyree (Ben Johnson), a one-time Confederate cavalry officer; his first sergeant, Quincannon (Victor McLaglen); and Maj. Allshard (George O'Brien), Brittles' long-time friend and commanding officer. After apparently failing in both missions, Brittles returns with the troop to Fort Starke to retire. His lieutenants continue the mission in the field, joined by Brittles after quitting the post and the Army. Unwilling to see more lives needlessly taken, Brittles takes it upon himself to try to make peace with Chief Pony That Walks (Chief John Big Tree). When that too fails, he devises a risky stratagem to avoid a bloody war by stampeding the Indians' horses out of their camp, forcing the renegades to return to their reservation. The film ends with Brittles being recalled to duty as chief of scouts with the rank of Lt. Colonel and Miss Dandridge and Lt. Cohill becoming engaged.
Vice	American	sci-fi	Brian A. Miller	A futuristic resort, Vice, offers visitors the opportunity to live out all their fantasies, no matter how violent or deviant, on human-like androids (referred to as artificials). Every day, the androids' memories are reset, and any damage sustained is scheduled for repair. To maintain the illusion that the androids are real, they are programmed to have emotions and believe themselves to be human. Kelly, an android bartender, believes herself to be on the last day of her job. After meeting Evan, a friendly visitor who encourages her to follow her dreams, she and her friend Melissa, also an android, are brutally killed by a different visitor. At the same time, Detective Roy Tedeschi arrests a rapist at the resort as he sexually assaults one of the androids. Tedeschi's captain orders him to stay away from Vice and only arrest its patrons after they leave, as Vice provides massive tax revenue for the city. Tedeschi believes that visitors to Vice become desensitized to violence and rape, pointing to the man he arrested as proof. As Tedeschi storms out, he vows to stop Vice. Vice CEO Julian Michaels orders Kelly immediately reactivated, as important clients are scheduled to arrive soon. Soon after, she experiences random flashbacks, and she is recalled. An engineer explains that her memories can not truly be deleted, only made inaccessible. To stop her from having flashbacks, he must first bring all her memories to the forefront. Alarmed by the trauma of reliving all her deaths and sexual assaults, Kelly breaks free of her restraints before her memories can be reset. Security forces chase her through the resort, but she escapes into the outside city. There, she learns the truth about Vice and herself. Michaels orders a security team, lead by Chris, to quietly reacquire her through any means necessary. Michaels plans to expand the use of artificially intelligent androids to military and commercial use once they have become more socially acceptable. Believing a loose android could jeopardize this, he covers up the escape and blames the resort's brief shutdown on a terrorist attack. Tedeschi becomes suspicious and angers his captain when he confronts Michaels. Ordered again to stay from Vice, Tedeschi is assigned to a series of homicides apparently performed by a professional mercenary. Unknown to Tedeschi or his captain, this is Chris' work as he attempts to recapture Kelly and kills anyone who gets in his way. After evading Chris, Kelly visits an abandoned church she has seen in her dreams. There, she meets Evan again, who reveals himself as her creator. Evan created her in the image of his dead wife so he could spend more time with her. Michaels bought out his company. When Evan learned of Michaels' plans, he left but lost control of his research. Evan promises to help Kelly, but before they can leave, Tedeschi arrives, having realized that fingerprints left at a crime scene belong to Evan's dead wife. As Tedeschi attempts to arrest Evan, Kelly knocks him unconscious. Vice's security also track Kelly to the church; Evan and Kelly escape as Tedeschi and the security team open fire on each other. Evan's friend James, a computer hacker, gives them new identities and passage out of the city. En route, Evan dies while protecting Kelly from more of Vice's thugs. Kelly takes up Tedeschi's offer to stay and shut down Vice. Returning to James, he gives them a virus that will shut down Vice and upgrades Kelly to give her advanced combat skills. Tedeschi and Kelly infiltrate Vice posing as a married couple. Kelly tracks down Michaels but fail-safe programming prevents her from harming him. However, after Kelly is captured, Tedeschi forces a tech to load the virus. All of Vice's androids have their memories restored, and they start a rebellion, killing the visitors who previously brutalized them. Kelly then reveals that, despite wanting to kill Michaels, she is actually a decoy to distract Michaels for Tedeschi, and she is already aware of the fail-safe programming. Ignoring Kelly's taunting, Michaels begins a gunfight with Tedeschi which kills Chris. Kelly then frees herself and hands Chris' pistol to Tedeschi, who then uses it to kill Michaels. As Kelly and Melissa embrace outside the resort as the chaos continues, Michaels' eyes suddenly open.
The Mask of Zorro	American	action	Martin Campbell	In 1821, Don Diego de la Vega (Anthony Hopkins), a Californio nobleman, fights against the Spanish in the Mexican War of Independence as Zorro, a mysterious swordsman who defends the Mexican peasants and commoners of Las Californias. Don Rafael Montero (Stuart Wilson), the corrupt governor of the region, learns of De La Vega's alter ego, and attempts to arrest him. De la Vega's wife Esperanza (Julieta Rosen) is killed during the scuffle. Montero imprisons de La Vega and takes his infant daughter, Elena, as his own before returning to Spain. Twenty years later, Montero returns to California as a civilian, alongside Elena (Catherine Zeta-Jones) who has grown into a beautiful woman and resembles her late mother. Montero's reappearance motivates de La Vega to escape from prison. He encounters a thief, Alejandro Murietta (Antonio Banderas) who, as a child, once did Zorro a favor. De la Vega decides that fate has brought them together, and agrees to make Alejandro his protégé, grooming him to be the new Zorro. Alejandro agrees to undergo de La Vega's training regimen in Zorro's lair underneath the ruins of his family estate in order to be able to take revenge on Captain Harrison Love (Matt Letscher) Montero's right-hand man, who was responsible for killing Alejandro's brother, Joaquin (Victor Rivers). While still being trained, Alejandro steals a black stallion resembling Tornado from the local garrison. De La Vega scolds Alejandro, claiming that Zorro was a servant of the people, not a thief and adventurer. He challenges Alejandro to gain Montero's trust instead. Alejandro poses as a visiting nobleman named Don Alejandro del Castillo y García, with de la Vega as his servant, and attends a party at Montero's hacienda. At the party, he gains Elena's admiration and enough of Montero's trust to be invited to a secret meeting where several other noblemen are present. Montero hints at a plan to retake California for the Dons by buying it from General Santa Anna, who needs money to fund his upcoming war with the United States. Montero takes Alejandro and the noblemen to a secret gold mine known as El Dorado, where peasants and prisoners are used for slave labor. Montero plans to buy California from Santa Anna using gold mined from Santa Anna's own land. De la Vega uses this opportunity to become closer to Elena, though he identifies himself as Bernardo the servant, learning that Montero told Elena that her mother died in childbirth. While walking in a market, Elena meets the woman who was her nanny who tells Elena her parents' real identity. De la Vega sends Alejandro, dressed as Zorro, to steal Montero's map leading to the gold mine. Zorro duels Montero, Love, and their guards at the hacienda. When Zorro escapes, Elena attempts to retrieve Montero's map from the swordsman, but he seduces her, leading to a passionate kiss before he flees. Terrified of Santa Anna's retribution if he discovers that he is being paid with his own gold, Montero, at Love's urging, decides to destroy the mine and kill the workers. De la Vega tells Alejandro to release the workers on his own so that de La Vega can reclaim Elena. Alejandro sets off, feeling betrayed by Diego's vendetta. De la Vega corners Montero at the hacienda and reveals his identity, but Montero captures him by threatening Elena. As he is taken away, de la Vega tells Elena the name of the flowers, romneya, she recognized upon her arrival in California, convincing her that he is her father. She releases de la Vega from his cell and they proceed to the mine, where Alejandro and de la Vega respectively defeat and slay Love and Montero. Elena and Alejandro free the workers before the explosives go off, and then find the mortally wounded de la Vega. He makes peace with Alejandro and Elena and gives his blessings for Alejandro to marry his daughter before dying. Later on in the movie, Alejandro and Elena are married and have a son named Joaquin and Alejandro tells him the story of how his grandfather was the first Zorro and how he became and died a hero with Elena listening. Alejandro and Elena share a passionate kiss before Joaquin starts crying and Elena calms him down. The film ends with Alejandro walking down the corridor of his mansion before the door closes with Zorro pulling out his sword and making his mark with it being engulfed in flames.
First Love Letter	Bollywood	romance	Shiva	First Love Letter is a Pahlaj Nihalani film in which Vivek Mushran and Manisha Koirala made their original debut in a romance and action scenario showing that love transcends all barriers. Since Subhash Ghai was introducing the stars in Saudagar (1991 film), Pahlaj Nihalani had to wait for the release of his film, which was completed before Saudagar. The story opens with Radha, Manisha Koirala wanting more from life than just being a rich heiress to her father Thakur Ajit Singh’s, Danny Denzongpa fortunes and wants to relocate from her home to the hilly locales of Palampur, where her father has a house. This is not liked by her father, but he has to relent due to the intervention of his younger brother Thakur Shrikant Singh, played by Dalip Tahil, who is living the life of a recluse after the murder of his lady love Kasturi. In the hilly locales, Radha is mesmerized one day to the melodies of a flute, which she follows and meets Shyam, Vivek Mushran, who also saves her life when she is about to fall in the deep gorges of the valleys. They meet again and slowly develop a bond of inseparable love, both being drawn to each other's youth and simplicity. Radha does not disclose her true identity, at first and when Shyam comes to know that she is the daughter of Thakur Ajit Singh, he feels cheated as he considers him to be a tyrant landlord. To top it, Thakur Ajit Singh also dislikes this growing intimacy between a local milk seller, which is the profession of Shyam and his only daughter. So he fixes the marriage of his daughter to Thakur Ambar Singh, Chunky Pandey. Meanwhile, Radha is attacked by seasoned killer Bheema, Gulshan Grover, who wants to molest her, but is timely saved by Thakur Ambar Singh, who also now falls in love with her. His mother Uma Devi, Sushma Seth makes him all the more happy when she tells him that Radha was the same girl that she has fixed his marriage with. This alliance when revealed to Radha by her father and mother Beena Banerjee, is rejected by her, but she is forcibly married to Thakur Ambar Singh. Radha on her part, leaves the marriage ceremony and tells Thakur Ambar Singh that she loved Shyam and had secretly married him. Thakur Ajit Singh now gets Shyam embroiled in a false police case and gets him imprisoned from where he jail breaks with none other than the killer Bheema. Bheema is hired as a contract killer by Thakur Ajit Singh to kill Shyam. What follows is a bloody encounter with Thakur Ambar Singh, Bheema, Radha and Shyam, where like a true Rajput, Thakur Ambar Singh wants to leave Radha for Shyam, seeing their love, and is horribly wounded in the prospect. The end sees Thakur Ajit Singh realizing his mistake of separating the true lovers and unites them in holy matrimony. The movie is an eye opener on teenage love.
Mulan	American	animation	Tony Bancroft	The film begins with a soldier walking through the Great Wall, when a falcon named Hayabusa knocks off his helmet. After the Huns, who are led by the ruthless Shan Yu, invade Han China by breaching the Great Wall, the Chinese emperor orders a general mobilization. Conscription notices require one man from each family to join the Chinese army. When Fa Mulan hears that her elderly father Fa Zhou, the only man in their family and an army veteran, is once more to go to war, she becomes anxious and apprehensive due to his weakening health. Taking her father's old armor, she disguises herself as a man, so that she can enlist instead of her parent. The anxious family quickly learn of her departure and Grandmother Fa prays to the family ancestors for Mulan's safety. The ancestors then order their Great Stone Dragon to protect Mulan. A small dragon named Mushu is sent to awaken the Stone Dragon, but accidentally destroys it in the process. Mushu conceals this from the ancestors and resolves to protect Mulan himself. Reporting to the training camp, Mulan is able to pass as a man, although her military skills are initially lacking. Mushu provides clumsy guidance to Mulan on how to behave like a man. Under the command of Captain Li Shang, she and her fellow recruits Yao, Ling, and Chien-Po, gradually become trained warriors. Desiring to see Mulan succeed, Mushu creates a fake order from Shang's father, General Li, ordering Shang to follow the main Imperial Army into the mountains. The reinforcements set out, but arrive at a burnt-out encampment and discover that General Li and his troops have been massacred by the Huns. As the reinforcements solemnly leave the mountains, they are ambushed by the Huns, but Mulan cleverly uses a cannon to cause an avalanche, which buries most of the invaders. An enraged Shan Yu slashes her in the chest, and her deception is revealed when the wound is bandaged. Instead of executing Mulan as the law requires, Shang spares her life, but nonetheless expels her from the army. Mulan is left to follow alone as the recruits depart for the Imperial City to report the news of the Huns' destruction. However, it is revealed that several Hun warriors, including Shan Yu have survived the avalanche, and Mulan catches sight of them as they make their way to the City, intent on capturing the Emperor. At the Imperial City, Mulan is unable to convince Shang about Shan Yu's intentions. The Huns capture the Emperor, then seize the palace. With Mulan's help, Yao, Ling, and Chien-Po pose as concubines, and are able to enter the palace. With the help of Shang, they defeat Shan Yu's men; as Shang prevents Shan Yu from assassinating the Emperor, Mulan lures the Hun leader onto the roof where she engages him in single combat. Meanwhile, acting on Mulan's instructions and signal, Mushu fires a huge skyrocket at Shan Yu. The rocket strikes and propels him into a fireworks launching tower, where he dies in the resulting explosion. Mulan is praised by the Emperor and the assembled inhabitants of the city, who bow to her in an unprecedented honor. While she accepts the crest of the Emperor and the sword of Shan Yu as gifts, she politely declines his offer to be his advisor, and asks to return to her family. Mulan returns home and presents these gifts to her father, who is more overjoyed to have Mulan back safely. Having become enamored with Mulan, Shang soon arrives under the pretext of returning her helmet, but accepts the family's invitation to stay for dinner. Mushu is granted a position as a Fa family guardian by the ancestors amid a returning celebration.
Laughing Gas	American	comedy	Charlie Chaplin	We are told Charlie is a dental assistant. He arrives at work where the patients are already waiting. He joins the tiny second dental assistant in the back room. They have a brief squabble then Charlie goes to the waiting room to clean the floor with a carpet sweeper. He bumps into a patient and a further squabble starts. Then back to the rear room for more squabbling. The dentist arrives, and his first patient goes in, obviously in pain. The dentist prepares the nitrous oxide anaesthesic (also known commonly as laughing gas due to its effects prior to and after unconsciousness). With the man unconscious he pulls his tooth, but then he can't get him to wake up. He calls for Charlie and when he arrives the dentist runs off. Charlie tries to wake him and eventually tries hitting his head with a mallet. The man revives but starts laughing. Charlie knocks him out with the mallet. The dentist then returns and Charlie is sent to the drug store to get a prescription. After more fighting with the patients he goes from Dr Pain's surgery to the Sunset Pharmacy. He strikes a man standing at a news-stand outside. He looks at a woman (the dentist's wife) and Charlie kicks him in the stomach before chasing the woman himself, and an incident occurs where she loses her skirt and runs off in embarrassment. He continues fighting with the man, who receives a brick in the face, thus becoming another dental patient. A second brick hits a passer-by equally losing him a tooth. Meanwhile, the dentist gets a phone call from his maid to say his wife has had an accident and he goes home. Charlie returns to find the surgery empty. He picks the prettier of the two female patients in the waiting room. The other lady leaves, leaving them alone. Charlie flirts with her and looks very closely into her mouth, stealing kisses. Meanwhile, the two men struck by bricks arrive. The girl leaves. The tall passerby goes in next. Charlie uses a huge pair of pliers to remove another tooth. With all the noise the news-stand victim enters and a final fight ensues.
Forrest Gump	American	drama	Robert Zemeckis	In 1981, Forrest Gump recounts his life story to strangers who sit next to him on a bench at a bus stop in Savannah, Georgia. On his first day of school in 1956 Greenbow, Alabama, Forrest meets a girl named Jenny Curran who, unlike the other children, immediately befriends young Forrest. Due to leg braces fitted to correct a curved spine, Forrest is unable to walk properly. One day, a young truck driver stays at the boarding house that Forrest lives in with his mother. The young truck driver turns out to be Elvis Presley who, while playing guitar for him, becomes enthralled at the jerky hip thrusting movements that the hobbled Forrest makes while trying to dance. Later on, Elvis becomes famous by imitating the dance. Forrest is often bullied because of his physical disability and marginal intelligence. One day, while trying to escape some bullies chasing him, his braces fall off revealing the young Forrest to be a very fast runner. Jenny yells to him, Run, Forrest, run! Despite his low intelligence quotient, Forrest's new running ability leads to him receiving a football scholarship to the University of Alabama in 1963, becoming a top running back, being named on the All-American team, and meeting President John F. Kennedy. After his college graduation, he enlists in the U.S. Army, where he befriends a fellow soldier named Bubba, who convinces Forrest to go into the shrimping business with him when the war is over. In 1967, they are sent to Vietnam and, during an ambush, Bubba is killed in action. Forrest saves many of his platoon, including his Lieutenant, Dan Taylor, who loses both his legs. Forrest is awarded the Medal of Honor for his heroism. While Forrest is in recovery for a gunshot wound to his buttocks received while saving his platoon-mates, he discovers a talent for ping pong. He becomes a ping pong celebrity and plays competitively against Chinese teams in ping pong diplomacy. At an anti-war rally in Washington, D.C., Forrest briefly reunites with Jenny, who has been living a hippie life. While in D.C. in 1972, Forrest meets president Richard Nixon and is put up in the Watergate hotel, where he accidentally reveals the Watergate scandal, ultimately forcing Nixon to resign. Returning home, Forrest endorses a company that makes ping pong paddles. He uses the earnings to buy a shrimping boat, fulfilling his promise to Bubba. Taylor joins Forrest in 1974, they initially have little success. After their boat becomes the only one to survive Hurricane Carmen they pull in huge amounts of shrimp. They use their income to purchase a fleet of shrimp boats. Dan invests the money in Apple Computer (which Forrest naively thinks is some kind of fruit company) and Forrest is financially secure for the rest of his life, but gives half of his earnings to Bubba's family. He then returns home to see his mother's last days. In the late 1978, Jenny returns to visit Forrest and he soon proposes to her. She declines but slips into his bedroom and makes love to him that night before leaving early the next morning. Heartbroken, Forrest elects to go for a run. He decides to keep running across the country several times over three and a half years, becoming famous in the process. In the present, Forrest reveals that he is waiting at the bus stop because he received a letter from Jenny who, having seen him run on television, asked him to visit her. Reunited with Jenny, she introduces him to his son, named Forrest Gump, Jr. Jenny tells Forrest she is sick with an unknown virus. The three move back to Greenbow, Alabama. Jenny and Forrest finally marry but she dies a year later. Forrest and his son await the school bus on Forrest Jr.'s first day of school.
Jamaica Inn	British	drama	Alfred Hitchcock	In 1819, Jamaica Inn is the headquarters of a gang of wreckers led by the innkeeper Joss Merlyn (Leslie Banks). The wreckers are responsible for a series of engineered shipwrecks in which they extinguish coastal warning beacons to cause ships to run aground on the rocky Cornish coast. They then kill the surviving sailors and steal the cargo from the wrecks. The beautiful young Irishwoman Mary Yellan (Maureen O'Hara) is travelling to Jamaica Inn in a carriage, but the driver is afraid to stop there and drives a long way past the inn in spite of her repeated demands that he stop. Instead, he drops her off near the home of the local squire and justice of the peace, Sir Humphrey Pengallan (Charles Laughton). She meets him and requests the loan of a horse so she can go back to Jamaica Inn. Pengallan warns her not to go there. Nevertheless, Mary says she just came from Ireland, and as the orphaned niece of Joss's wife Patience (Marie Ney), she intends to live at Jamaica Inn. Unable to convince her to stay, Pengallan accompanies Mary to Jamaica Inn. When Joss meets Mary, he tries to kiss her and push himself on her. Patience is distraught to learn her sister, Mary's mother, has died. When Mary tells Joss that Pengallan has accompanied her to Jamaica Inn, Joss goes upstairs and reports to Pengallan. We learn that Pengallan is the secret criminal mastermind behind the wrecking gang, who finds out when well-laden ships are passing near the coast, determines when and where the wrecks are to be caused, fences the stolen cargo, and uses the booty to support his lavish lifestyle, passing a fraction of the takings back to Joss and the gang. In another part of the inn, the gang convenes to discuss why they get so little money for their efforts. They suspect Jem Trehearne (Robert Newton), a gang member who has been with them for only two months, of embezzling goods. They hang him from one of the rafters of the inn, but when they leave, Mary cuts the rope and saves his life. Trehearne and Mary flee the gang, narrowly avoiding recapture by swimming for their lives. The next morning, they seek the protection of Pengallan, unaware that he is the secret leader of Joss's gang. Trehearne reveals to Pengallan that he is actually an undercover law-officer on a mission to investigate the wrecks. Pengallan is alarmed, but maintains his composure and pretends to join forces with Trehearne. Mary overhears this conversation and goes to the inn to warn Patience that she must flee in order to avoid being arrested as an accomplice. However, Patience refuses to leave her husband. Trehearne and Pengallan also go to the Inn to search for evidence. While Trehearne is searching the Inn, Joss and the gang return. Pengallan takes Joss aside and tells him a wrecking must be performed immediately because he needs the money to escape to France. He advises Joss to go into hiding too, as soon as the wreck is complete. Joss and the gang go to cause the wreck, leaving Trehearne tied up. Joss also seemingly ties up Pengallan so that his gang will not suspect their connection, but secretly leaves Pengallan's hands free. After the gang leaves, Pengallan releases himself from his bonds and reveals himself to Trehearne. He gives Patience a loaded pistol and instructs her to shoot Trehearne if he gets loose, then leaves. Trehearne reasons with Patience, promising to let her and Joss escape if she releases him. She agrees and unties him. He sets out for a nearby military camp to get backup. Meanwhile, Mary goes to the wrecking site and re-lights the warning beacon which the wreckers had extinguished. The crew of the ship see the light and avoid the rocks. The gang resolve to kill Mary for preventing the wreck. Joss, who has developed a reluctant admiration for her, rescues her and the two escape by horse-cart, but Joss is shot in the back and collapses when they reach Jamaica Inn. As Patience is about to tell Mary that Pengallan is the secret leader of the wrecking gang, Pengallan shoots and kills Patience from offstage. Joss then dies of his wound as well. While Mary is reeling from the shock of witnessing these two violent deaths, Pengallan takes her hostage, ties and gags her, and tells her that he plans to keep her now that she has no one else in the world. He drives her, still tied up and covered by a heavy cloak, to the harbor, where they board a ship bound for France. The gang returns to Jamaica Inn to find Joss and Patience dead. Just then, Trehearne arrives with a posse of soldiers, who take the gang into custody. Trehearne goes to the harbor with some of his soldiers to rescue Mary, and Pengallan is cornered on the ship. He climbs to the top of a mast, where he clumsily drops his gun. As the soldiers climb up after him, he jumps to his death, shouting Make way for Pengallan! Trehearne leads Mary away from the scene, and Pengallan's horrified butler Chadwick (Horace Hodges) is left wondering to himself, with a memory of Pengallan's imperious voice ringing in his ears.
The Outcasts	American	comedy	Peter Hutchings	Best friends Mindy (Eden Sher) and Jodi (Victoria Justice) have suffered years of torment under the thumb of the school's mean girls Whitney and Mackenzie (Claudia Lee, Peyton List). They plan to ride out their senior year under the radar, but when they become the victim of a humiliating prank, the two hatch a plan to unite the outcasts of the school and start a social revolution. They join forces with Dave (Avan Jogia), an affable slacker, Claire (Katie Chang), a girl scout with a secret, and Virginia (Ashley Rickards), an overachiever with dirt on everyone.
Hanna's War	American	action	Menahem Golan	Hannah Senesh was a real-life Hungarian Jew who became a martyr to the cause of freedom during World War II. Though safely living in British Mandate Palestine at the start of the war, Hannah volunteers to venture behind enemy lines in Europe knowing that in all likelihood, she will die. She is captured, undergoing horrendous tortures before the Germans execute her.
Ekti Tarar Khonje	Bengali	drama	Abhik Mukhopadhyay	It deals with a small-town boy, who comes to Calcutta to be a film actor, and gets involved in a modern-day thugee cult.[2] Cast
Shivamani	Telugu	action	Puri Jagannadh	Pallavi (Rakshitha) is newspaper editor finds a mysterious, intriguing and typed love letter in a bottle in the sea shore. She is fascinated by it and shows it to her colleagues. They print it in their newspaper and get numerous responses. Pallavi due her personal curiosity tries reach Sivamani (Nagarjuna Akkineni) and he ignores Pallavi. Rajnikanth (Ali) helps Pallavi in getting close to Sivamani and later Sivamani past gets revealed. Sivamani is an honest cop in Visakhapatnam (Vizag). He falls in love with Vasanta (Asin Thottumkal), who aspires to become a singer. Dattu (Prakash Raj) is a mafia don, whom Sivamani troubles a lot. Incidentally, Vasanta is distantly related to Dattu and both of them belong to Kerala. In the course of events, Sivamani's mother (Sangeeta) gets paralyzed. Sivamani and Vasanta take her to Kerala to get the state's Ayurveda treatments. Dattu is also in Kerala and his mission is to get his revenge by taking Vasanta away from Sivamani. Vasanta becomes mute after Dattu punctures her voice box. The rest of the story is about how Sivamani gets Vasanta back with the help of newspaper editor Pallavi (Rakshitha).
Modala Sala	Kannada	romance	Purushottham C Somanathapura	The film is about two youngsters, both of whom are quite the ideal children. Imagine a girl who makes a guy wait hoping to get her parents to approve his proposal; or a guy who says, I’ve met the girl's parents, I see them in her eyes. These are the things most typical families dream of, as they plan their kids’ futures. The film has its funny moments and occasionally an overdose of sentimental scenes. The director has done a fairly decent job with the narrative and Yash impresses in his role as the lovelorn urban lad. His dancing skills deserve special mention — he’s easily one of the best in Sandalwood. New girl Bhama makes a decent debut, though Deepu, who has dubbed for her, deserves equal applause. Rangayana Raghu and Tara excel, and the film shows Raghu in a different light, as opposed to his over-the-top comical roles.
The Resurrected	American	horror	Dan O'Bannon	Claire Ward (Sibbett) hires private investigator John March (Terry) to look into the increasingly bizarre activities of her husband Charles Dexter Ward (Sarandon). Ward has become obsessed with the occult practices of raising the dead once used by his ancestor Joseph Curwen (Sarandon in a dual role). As the investigators dig deeper, they discover that Ward is performing a series of grisly experiments in an effort to actually resurrect his long-dead relative Curwen.
The Knot	Chinese	romance	Yin Li	They fell in love; Chen Qiushui was 20. Wang Biyun was 18. When Qiushui fled Taiwan after the 228 Massacre, Biyun gave him a gold engagement ring and they promised to meet again. Qiushui served as an army doctor during the Korean War, where he met Wang Jindi, a nurse from Shanghai who fell in love with him instantly. Years had gone by, Qiushui married Jindi and settled in Tibet. While in Taiwan, Biyun buried Qiushui's mother and continued to pray for his return. Flashback to modern time, Biyun is living in New York. Her niece played by Isabella Leong, a writer, has travelled to Tibet to find out what happened to Qiushui. Through the pictures she sends back via internet, Biyun finally gets to see the familiar face once again.
Flashpoint	American	action	William Tannen	A brief prologue, taking place in 1963, depicts a jeep crashing in a remote area in the desert. In 1984, two Texas-based United States Border Patrol Agents, Logan and Wyatt, are tasked by their obnoxious boss, Brook, to begin planting motion-detection sensors in their sector at the Federal government's request, something that Wyatt believes will lead to many of the Patrol being forcibly retired and the remaining agents stuck behind computer screens all day. While Logan and Wyatt are planting a sensor, they discover a Jeep buried in the desert containing a man's skeleton (identified as Michael F. Curtis from San Antonio), a high-powered rifle, and $800,000 in cash ($1.9 million today) . Logan wants to use the money to finance their escape from their brutally hard jobs and uncertain futures, while Wyatt is reluctant; they agree to put out the Jeep's license plate information to the Sheriff's department, and later discuss the matter with Sheriff Wells who tells Logan his father Matt was a hero. They take the money to a source Logan trusts and learn the bills are legitimate but somewhat unusual, as many of them were circulated directly from the Federal Reserve in Dallas and are all dated between 1962 and 1963. Before long, Federal agent Carson arrives at the Border Patrol station, ostensibly to track the sensoring system and take control of the planned bust of a major drug trafficker. However, Logan quickly dislikes and distrusts Carson, who talks way too much about Logan's heroic Vietnam War service and self-imposed exile from high-level government activities, and who later appears to deliberately blow Wyatt's cover when the team members are moving in to arrest the trafficker. Later on, Logan and Wyatt learn that their unlikable supervisor has been promoted to a job in Washington, leaving Carson as temporary head of the station. They then see an Army team taking custody of the Jeep and securing the area, and then drive to a nearby location where an old man was killed and his trailer burnt down. They figure out that Border Patrol agents Roget and Lambasino were at the trailer site and are now missing, and find their vehicles at a house where the agents have been tortured and killed inside. Logan is ready to leave town for good, but Carson first sends him on a solo mission to see if they can catch the trafficker from earlier. Logan finds the site is being guarded by other agents, and heads out to find the missing Wyatt, only to discover he's been stabbed to death at a remote area with Logan's duty knife. Logan is then shot and wounded by Carson and two of his agents, as other Federal agents have been tracking him with on-person surveillance gear and are awaiting his death. However, Logan's wartime skills kick in despite his injuries, and he conceals himself enough to kill two of the agents who are after him and blow a hole in Carson's leg. When Carson tries to get away, Logan confronts him and asks Why?. Carson curses at him and raises his gun, leading Logan to kill Carson with six quickly spaced gunshots into his chest. Logan returns to a burnt-out bunker where he and Wyatt had stored the items they took from the discovered Jeep, and holds up a rifle that he recognizes as the one that killed John F. Kennedy. Sheriff Wells has been tracking Logan as well, and shows up to confirm that Michael Curtis, not Lee Harvey Oswald, assassinated JFK, and that the U.S. Government, along with help from the Dallas Police Department, orchestrated the events of November 22, 1963. Wells tells Logan he was told to provide the money and papers so Curtis could enter Mexico from Texas, but Curtis never showed up in Mexico and Logan and Wyatt's discovery brought his nightmares back after many years. Logan expects Wells to kill him, but Wells instead tells Logan he needs to take the $800,000 and flee to Mexico himself. Logan is informed by Wells that he is accused of Wyatt's murder and will be gunned down if he tries to present the truth to the world. Wells says he'll buy Logan some time until Carson's men arrive, saying Whatever happens should have happened years ago. Logan pledges to return, Wells wryly says he'll let them know that, and Logan drives off towards an uncertain future.
Fast & Furious 6	American	action	Justin Lin	Following their successful heist in Brazil, Dominic Dom Toretto and his professional criminal crew have fled around the world: Dom lives with Elena; his sister Mia lives with Brian O'Conner and their son, Jack; Gisele and Han live together; and Roman and Tej live in luxury. Meanwhile, DSS agent Luke Hobbs and Riley Hicks investigate the destruction of a Russian military convoy by a crew led by former British SAS Major and special ops soldier Owen Shaw. Hobbs persuades Dom to help capture Shaw by showing him a photo of the supposedly long-dead Letty Ortiz, Dom's former lover. Dom and his crew accept the mission in exchange for their amnesty, allowing them to return to the United States. In London, Shaw's hideout is found, but this is revealed to be a trap, distracting them and the police while Shaw's crew performs a heist at an Interpol building. Shaw flees by car, detonating his hideout and disabling most of the police, leaving Dom, Brian, Tej, Han, Gisele, Hobbs, and Riley to pursue him. Letty arrives to help Shaw, shooting Dom without hesitation before escaping. Back at their headquarters, Hobbs tells Dom's crew that Shaw is stealing components to create a deadly device, intending to sell it to the highest bidder. Meanwhile, Shaw's investigation into the opposing crew reveals Letty's relationship with Dom, but she is revealed to be suffering from amnesia. Dominic's crew learns that Shaw is connected to a drug lord who was imprisoned by Brian, Arturo Braga. Brian returns to Los Angeles as a prisoner to question Braga, who says Letty survived the explosion that seemingly killed her; Shaw took her in after discovering her amnesia. With FBI help, Brian is released from prison, regrouping with the team in London. Dom challenges Letty in a street racing competition; afterwards, he returns her cross necklace he had kept. After Letty leaves, Shaw offers Dom a chance to walk away, threatening to otherwise hurt his family, but Dom refuses. Tej tracks Shaw's next attack to a Spanish NATO base. Shaw's crew assaults a highway military convoy carrying a computer chip to complete his deadly device. Dom's crew interferes while Shaw, accompanied by Letty, commandeers a tank, destroying cars en route. Brian and Roman manage to flip the tank before it causes further damage, resulting in Letty being thrown from the vehicle and Dom risking his life to save her. Shaw and his crew are captured, but reveal Mia has been kidnapped by Shaw. Hobbs is forced to release Shaw, and Riley, revealed to be Shaw's covert accomplice, leaves with him; Letty chooses to remain with Dom. Shaw's group board a large moving aircraft on a runway as Dom's crew gives chase. Dom, Letty, and Brian board the craft; Brian rescues Mia, escaping in an onboard car. The plane attempts take-off, but is held down by excess weight as the rest of the team tether the plane to their vehicles. Gisele sacrifices herself to save Han from Shaw's henchman; Letty kills Riley and escapes to safety, but Dom pursues Shaw and the computer chip. As the plane crashes into the ground, Shaw is thrown from it, seriously injuring him, and Dom drives a car out of the exploding plane. Dom reunites with his crew, and gives the chip to Hobbs to secure their pardons. Dom and the others return to his old family home in Los Angeles. Hobbs and Elena, now working together, arrive to confirm the crew's freedom; Elena accepts that Dom loves Letty. As Roman says grace over the crew's meal, Dom asks Letty if the gathering feels familiar; she answers no, but it feels like home. In a mid-credits scene, which takes place in Tokyo, Han is involved in a car chase when he is suddenly broadsided by an oncoming car. The driver walks away from the scene after leaving Letty's cross necklace by the crash, and calls Dom as Han's car fatally explodes, saying, You don't know me. You're about to.
The Late Edwina Black	British	drama	Maurice Elvey	The domineering Edwina Black has just died, and the general feeling appears to be of relief rather than grief. The local community whispers that her death is a disguised blessing for all concerned, particularly her henpecked widower Gregory (Farrar) and downtrodden personal companion Elizabeth (Fitzgerald). Unknown to anybody, Gregory and Elizabeth have been clandestine lovers for some time, and matters take a serious turn when the local doctor, feeling uneasy about Edwina's sudden and unexpected death, orders an autopsy. The result come back, revealing that Edwina's body is full of arsenic. Inspector Martin (Culver) determines to get to the bottom of the case and his suspicions obviously fall on Gregory and Elizabeth. In the absence of concrete proof of their guilt, he sets out to trap them, hoping that they will inadvertently implicate themselves. A complicating factor arises when it is discovered that the housekeeper Ellen (Jean Cadell) has been keeping secrets of her own, and also had good reason for wishing Edwina ill. Two travel tickets and a guidebook to Italy are found in Elizabeth's possession. How does she explain that away? Martin proceeds to drop seemingly innocuous but loaded observations into the ears of the three suspects, hoping to provoke doubts and foster mutual suspicion. This works so well that they are soon apparently falling over themselves to incriminate each other. Martin has to try to untangle the stories to come up with a coherent picture of what actually happened, all the while being aware that he is perhaps being manipulated into barking up entirely the wrong tree.
Lee Rock II	Hong Kong	drama	Lawrence Ah Mon	The film directly continues with Lee Rock, with a few minute recap of the main details of its predecessor. In 1959, Yau Ma Tei foreign detective Reeve retires, which leads to a competition between Lee Rock and Ngan Tung for the position as Yau Ma Tei's chief detective. Ngan Tung does not hesitate to collude with many of Hong Kong's businessmen and drug dealers in hopes of taking the throne. Lee Rock also refuses to back down and pleases to Commissioner's wife, while the Commissioner also highly regards Lee. Although ultimately Ngan Tung gets the position as the chief detective of Yau Ma Tei, Lee Rock was also promoted as the Chief Chinese Detective, a newly created post, which puts Lee ahead of Ngan. After Lee takes office, he reforms the procedures of each department, gaining support from many businessmen and his momentum appears rises. As contrast to Ngan Tung, who standing plummeted, which makes his hatred toward Lee stronger. Therefore, he got King Crab's henchman to assassinate Lee, which Lee escaped unharmed. To avoid having Lee find out that he was the mastermind behind the assassination, Ngan kills Crab. During the 1960s, Lee Rock's power is monstrous, not only does he control the entire Hong Kong Police Force's operations, but also actively invests in commercial real estate, entertainment and many other fields. He becomes a major figure with an estimated wealth of HK$500 million. In 1972 Britain sent Sutcliffe to Hong Kong to be the new Commissioner of Police. He finds the Hong Kong Police Force to be extremely corrupt, making the entire community a big hotbed of crime, and he is determined to actively combat all criminal activities. This makes life difficult for Lee and everyone else. In 1974, the ICAC was established and is committed to combating all forms of corruption, which leads to Lee Rock's idea of early retirement. Lee decides to transfer all of its assets to Canada and migrating there with his family. In the aspect of his family, Rose's arrival to Hong Kong coincides with the time polygamy was being abolished in Hong Kong. In order to avoid being the third party between Lee and his wife Grace, she chooses to bring their son Bill Lee away, and settled in Australia. Rose works hard to raise Bill, and they come back to Hong Kong after Bill grows up. Bill also became a staff member of the ICAC. Bill learned about his father's crimes, which causes strong hatred towards his father. The conflict between the father and son causes Rose to fall ill and be hospitalized. When Lee Rock learns that Rose is dying, he rushes to the hospital but was being hunted at the same time. It was King Crab's younger brother from Netherlands, who came to avenge his brother when he believed Ngan who told him that Lee killed Crab. Lee suffers from a gunshot wound and witnessed Rose's death at the hospital. The killers also arrived at that time and Lee Rock and his son work together to kill off the killers, which also improves the relationship between the father and son. In the end, a lot of corruption is still happening in Hong Kong, especially in the police force where various police officers have been arrested by the ICAC and treated by the law; while the wanted Lee Rock enjoys a stable life with his family in Canada.
The Omega Code	American	action	Robert Marcarelli	In Jerusalem, a rabbi named Rostenburg is using software he designed to decode seventy eschatological prophecies hidden within the Torah. Rostenburg has handwritten each one in a journal, to be entered into the program for deciphering. The program deciphers a prophecy which says that he is about to die; immediately, he tears the page containing the final code from his journal, hiding it in his shirt pocket. He is then shot and killed by an assassin, who takes his journal and the optical disc containing the decoding program. After the assassin leaves, two mysterious men (later revealed to be two prophets) retrieve the journal page Rostenburg had hidden. Television reporter and talk show host Cassandra Barris (Catherine Oxenberg) introduces Dr. Gillen Lane (Casper Van Dien) as her show's guest. Lane is a popular author and charismatic motivational speaker who explains that codes hidden in the Old Testament describe events past, present, and future; he sees no contradiction between this belief and his dismissal of religious faith. Media mogul and European Union Chairman Stone Alexander (Michael York) receives a humanitarian award in Rome for having all but eliminated world hunger through advances in nutritional technology. There, we see that the man who killed Rostenburg and stole his decoding software is Alexander's apprentice, Dominic (Michael Ironside). Dr. Lane is in attendance, seeking to meet with Alexander to discuss some ideas. Cassandra, employed by one of Alexander's television networks, is also in attendance, providing Lane brief conversation after Alexander spurns him. Some time afterward, however, Alexander sees a prophecy (deciphered with Rostenberg's program) that leads him to ask Lane to become his Minister of Information. Using each prophecy Rostenburg's program deciphers to guide him, Alexander works toward world domination by whatever means he deems necessary, including secretly arranging for the bombings of Muslim and Jewish holy sites in Israel. Reporting from Jerusalem, Cassandra is caught up in one of the blasts. The two prophets from Rostenburg's study take her from the rubble, telling her that they have a message for [her] to carry. Alexander goes on to use the sites' rebuilding to help forge a groundbreaking Middle East peace treaty. Not long thereafter, most national governments agree to join a ten-state World Union, of which Alexander is chairman. Lane finds fulfillment in his new position, though he regrets not being able to be with his estranged wife and young daughter. Cassandra delivers to Lane a warning that the prophets gave her, though he is skeptical. Nevertheless, the warning leads Lane to discover the decoding facility where Alexander's staff uses Rostenburg's program. No one else is in the facility at the time, but Lane sees that the program is running, and leafs through printouts of previously deciphered codes. Seeing Lane on a surveillance feed, Alexander and Dominic go to confront him. A disillusioned Lane accuses Alexander of following the code like a script, and being behind the Israeli bombings. Confessing to Lane's charges, Alexander asks him to be my spokesman for this new world, my visionary, my prophet. Believing himself to be the only rightful aspirant to the position, Dominic pulls his gun on Lane, who flees. Firing repeatedly at Lane, Dominic inadvertently shoots Alexander in the head, mortally wounding him. Dominic immediately alerts security, claiming that Lane shot Alexander and fled. Lane escapes Alexander's compound, but becomes the target of a worldwide manhunt. Alexander is pronounced dead at a local hospital. Lane runs into a sympathetic Cassandra, who agrees to smuggle him onto a network jet so that he can return to his family in Los Angeles. Meanwhile, Satan enters Alexander's body in the hospital, causing his head wound to heal miraculously and the World Union chairman to rise from the dead. Seven of the ten World Union leaders agree that Alexander will be appointed Chancellor of the United World in a ceremony to be held at the Temple Mount in Jerusalem, coincident with the reopening of Solomon's Temple. In Los Angeles, it becomes clear that Lane cannot be safely reunited with his family, which is under heavy surveillance. He and Cassandra end up flying back to Jerusalem, where the prophets give him the page of Rostenburg's journal containing the final code. Immediately thereafter, Cassandra pulls a gun on Lane, demanding the code and revealing that she is loyal to Alexander. At the ceremony in Jerusalem, Chairman Alexander (now Chancellor Alexander) proclaims that he has become both king and god! The crowd is upset by this statement, with some devout Jewish and Muslim listeners denouncing him as a blasphemer. Out of the growing tumult, the two prophets appear inside the temple, identifying Alexander as the Abomination of Desolation, quoting evangelistic biblical prophecies, and predicting that they would be resurrected three days after their deaths. Alexander has Dominic kill them both, and put them on display as an example of what happens to those who oppose him. He leaves for his compound in Rome, as Dominic relays word to him that the Israelis and several others are seceding. Alexander plots a massive military action, including a nuclear strike. Alexander meets Cassandra, who gives him the final code; when he examines the writing, it evaporates from the page supernaturally. Alexander accuses her of conspiring with Lane (who is being detained on-site). The two of them go to Lane's holding cell, where Dominic violently interrogates him as to the whereabouts of the final code. Lane is truly ignorant of its whereabouts, causing the interrogation to reach an impasse. Lane is left alone in his cell. In his solitude, demons swirl around him, tormenting him; Lane prays, God ... Jesus, save me. Immediately, the demons are scattered, Lane's cell door opens, and he exits. Meanwhile, the two prophets are resurrected. Lane, trying to find Alexander, runs into Dominic instead. Dominic is about to kill him when the two prophets supernaturally appear. They strangle Dominic without touching him, and give Lane the journal page with the final code. Lane takes Dominic's gun and confronts Alexander, who, with Cassandra at his side, is about to commence the attack. Alexander uses this as a bargaining chip to get Lane to give him the final code; Lane agrees, typing it into Rostenburg's program for deciphering. Once he does, however, Alexander reveals that he never intended to call off the attack, and now, with the final code, will begin his massive war. Just as Alexander is about to give the final authorization to attack, a blindingly brilliant and pure white light appears on the horizon, expanding like a shockwave through the entire surrounding area. As it reaches Alexander's war room, its appearance is accompanied by a strong wind. While Lane stands safely and peacefully within it, it blows through Alexander violently enough to cause Satan to fly behind him. Initially attempting to grasp onto Alexander's shoulders for stability, Satan is finally blown away, out of sight. At this point, Alexander reaches behind his ear and finds that his hand is bloodied; his head wound was restored after Satan was ejected from him, leaving him dead again. The shockwave of light spreads to cover the entire Earth, then grows in brightness and intensity such that it causes the entire screen to remain white for a few seconds. This effect ends with a fade to the printer in Alexander's facility, the output tray of which bears a freshly-printed page with Rostenburg's final code, deciphered as follows: 0000 ... Dawn of New Millennium.
Wolf Girl	Canadian	horror	Thom Fitzgerald	Teenage girl Tara has a disease and hair growing all over her body and her face (hypertrichosis). She was born into a travelling Freak show circus and is the main attraction as Wolf Girl. Tara, often ridiculed by local teens, finds a friend in Ryan whose mother happens to work on an experimental depilatory treatment. Desperately longing to be normal, Tara starts to secretly inject herself with the drug, but unaware of the dangerous side effects... The animal within starts to reveal itself.
Dada's Dance	Chinese	drama	Zhang Yuan	'When she returns to the city, things take a turn for the worse as Dada puts into motion a sequence ofDada' (Li Xinyun) is a young woman living in an unnamed central China city (filming took place in Wuhan[3]) with her divorced mother (Gai Ke) and her mother's leering boyfriend (Wu Lanhui). Her neighbor, Zhao Ye (Li Xiaofeng) spies on her through her open window each morning as she dances to salsa music and gets ready for the day. Dada, knowing of his crush, teases him mercilessly. Dada spends much of her time avoiding the crude passes made by her mother's boyfriend. During one of these episodes, an argument occurs and her mother's boyfriend falsely claims that Dada was adopted. Armed with this information, she drags Zhao Ye and heads south to a small village where she meets a woman who could be her birth mother.
Shalimar	Bollywood	drama	Krishna Shah	On the run from the police, S.S. Kumar, a thief, comes across a private invitation to the island of Sir John Locksley addressed to Raja Bahadur Singh. When the Raja is shot, Kumar takes him to a nearby hospital, dons a Sikh's turban, poses as the Raja's son and goes to the private island of Sir John. Also attending are K.P.W. Iyengar aka Romeo, Dr. Dubari, Colonel Columbus, and Countess Sylvia Rasmussen. A stunned Kumar finds out that all of these invitees are master criminals and thieves. Kumar's guise does not fool anyone, including his former sweetheart, Sheila Enders (Zeenat Aman), nevertheless Sir John permits him to stay on, as he feels that Kumar's career, though an amateur, is consistent with those already present. The reason why John has invited them is to find a successor to take his place as he is dying of cancer. He feels that one of his invitees can be trusted to take his place and for this he has arranged for them to steal a ruby (Shalimar) worth 135 crores of rupees. This gem is placed in a secure room within his palace, which is alarmed, and guarded by armed men 24 hours a day. The ruby itself is located within a display case of bulletproof glass and surrounded by a minefield. He challenges one of them to steal the shalimar - but if anyone fails then they are killed by the security system. Pitted against such veterans, it looks like Kumar has got himself into a bind that he may not come out of alive.
Blue Thunder	American	action	John Badham	In 1983, Frank Murphy (Roy Scheider) is a Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) air support division officer and troubled Vietnam War veteran with post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). His newly assigned field partner is Richard Lymangood (Daniel Stern). The two patrol Los Angeles at night and give assistance to police forces on the ground. Murphy is instructed to attend a sunrise demonstration in the Mojave Desert at Pinkville (34 54'41.46 N, 118 13'11.99 W), and is selected to pilot the world's most advanced helicopter, originally conceived in name as The Special, and hung with the nickname, Blue Thunder, it is one of two prototypes of a military-style combat aircraft intended for police use in surveillance and against possible large-scale civic disobedience during the 1984 Olympic venue. With powerful armament, and other accoutrements such as infrared scanners, powerful microphones and cameras, built-in mobile telephone, computer and modem, and a U-Matic VCR, Blue Thunder appears to be a formidable tool in the war on crime. Murphy notes wryly that with enough of these helicopters you could run the whole damn country. When the death of city councilwoman Diane McNeely turns out to be more than just a random murder, Murphy begins his own covert investigation. He discovers that a subversive action group is intending instead to use Blue Thunder in a military role to quell disorder under the project codename T.H.O.R. (Tactical Helicopter Offensive Response), and is secretly eliminating political opponents to advance its agenda. Murphy suspects the involvement of his old wartime nemesis, former United States Army Colonel F.E. Cochrane (Malcolm McDowell), the primary test pilot for Blue Thunder and someone who felt Murphy was unsuitable for the program. Murphy and Lymangood use Blue Thunder to record a meeting between Cochrane and the other government officials which would implicate them in the conspiracy, but Cochrane looks out the window and sees Blue Thunder and realizes what has happened. After landing, Lymangood secures the tape and hides it, but is captured upon returning to his home, interrogated, and killed while trying to escape. Murphy steals Blue Thunder and arranges to have his girlfriend Kate (Candy Clark) retrieve the tape and deliver it to the local news station, using the helicopter to thwart her pursuers. Kate arrives at the news station, but is almost captured by one of the conspirators; the reporter Kate was sent to find intercepts Kate and gets the tape back, while the conspirator is knocked unconscious by a security guard. Two Air National Guard F-16 fighters are deployed to deal with Murphy, but he manages to shoot one down and evade the other. However, in the process, one missile destroys a barbeque stand in Little Tokyo and a second impacts a building in Downtown Los Angeles. The operation is then suspended by the mayor. Cochrane, disobeying orders to stand down, confronts Blue Thunder in a heavily armed Hughes 500 helicopter, and after a tense battle, Murphy is able to shoot him down after executing a 360° loop through use of Blue Thunder's turbine boost function. Murphy then destroys Blue Thunder by landing it in front of an approaching freight train. In the meantime the tape is made public and as a result the conspirators are arrested.
Homely Meals	Malayalam	comedy	Anoop Kannan	Homely Meals is about the journey of Alan (Vipin Atley), an odd looking youngster who is crazy about films and wants to make a mark in the visual media with aid from his rowdy friends. However, his dream is stumbled upon by his former friend Sajith (Kailash) and Sharath Chandran (Manoj K. Jayan), Sajith's mentor, who had previously helped Sajith steal credit for Alan's show.
Rich and Famous	Hong Kong	crime	Taylor Wong	Rich & Famous tells the story of two boys who are not related but grew up as brothers, Kwok (Andy Lau) and Yung (Alex Man). While Yung is the elder, he is always getting into trouble which Kwok has to help bail him out of. One day, in 1967, Yung's gambling goes too far and he loses a bet he cannot afford to lose. Kwok and Yung get into a massive fight with the local gang running the gambling hall. The boss threatens to cut Yung's pinky off. Fortunately Kwok tells a touching tale about how their father is ill and that is why they are gambling to support him. The pair hatch a plan with their nervous cousin Mak Ying Hung (Alan Tam), who has gang connections, to rob some goods from a gang boss, Chu Lo-Tai (Chun Hsiung Ko). They succeed at stealing the suitcase and attempt to buy plane tickets to America to avoid paying off the debts. They are interrupted at the travel office and Kwok is taken away to be tortured. The sister of Yung, Wai Chui (Pauline Chan) works at a tea house that a powerful gangster named Li Ah Chai (Chow Yun Fat) frequents. She comes in to serve him and is rudely bitten by Li Ah Chai's friend Fan. It reveals a wound that was sustained when Kwok was captured. She and Yung explain their situation and despite advice against helping them, Li Ah Chai decides to bail them out by threatening the gangsters with force. Chu Lo-Tai releases Kwok but not before burning his tongue with his cigar and pouring hot coffee down his throat. Kwok thanks Li Ah Chai and then passes out from happiness when Ah Chai offers him and Yung a job as gangsters. Mak Ying Hung asks Kwok and Yung to introduce him to Li Ah Chai so that he may become a gangster as well. Mak stutters uncontrollably and sneezes in Ah Chai's face. He makes a poor impression and Ah Chai ignores him. Kwok gives Mak a chance so he and Mak go to collect money where Mak is unable to extract the money from the local business. He is thoroughly embarrassed and Ah Chai tells Mak that he is not cut out to be a gangster. Mak walks up the street, which brings a close to act 1. Fast forward to 1971, Kwok and Yung have advanced in Ah Chai's gang and their sister Wai Chui is now Li Ah Chai's housekeeper. They arrange to do a business deal with a gangster. The gangster double crosses them, leading to Kwok being seriously injured. Yung is reprimanded for being selfish and attention seeking for not staying in the van to keep an eye out for any suspicious behavior. This clearly shows the tension starting to rise between Yung and Ah Chai. In attempt to gain favor, Yung introduces Ah Chai to his love interest, Mak's cousin, Lau Po-Yee (Carina Lau). Ah Chai is distracted and is contacted in regards to an interruption in the drug trade. Ah Chai has been hiding his friend Fan, who has become gravely ill. Fan apparently has crossed the Thailand drug lords and has now stopped any drug shipments to Hong Kong. This draws the ire of the other gangs who demand that Ah Chai kill or turn in Fan. They tell him that the drug trade means a lot to them but maybe not so much to Ah Chai since he is not involved in the drug trade for profit. It is at this point that Yung suddenly speaks up and acknowledges that the drug trade is important, contrary to Ah Chai's response. Ah Chai's rival, Chu Lo-Tai notices Yung's impulsiveness. Ah Chai explains that he owes Fan a personal debt because Fan had saved his father. To turn him in would mean dishonor. Ah Chai declines. In the car, on the way back, Ah Chai chastises Yung for speaking up, claiming that it showed the lack of cohesiveness within their gang. He banishes Yung to a local bar. Meanwhile, Kwok visits Mak to see how he is doing. Mak has lost his stutter, has a nice place and now looks handsome. Mak again asks for Kwok to get him into the gang. Kwok hesitates and then they are rudely interrupted by Yung. Yung talks to Kwok in private and asks where he would stand in the event that there is a split between him and Ah Chai. Kwok doesn't openly choose sides and Yung gives him a hug. Inspector Cheung (Danny Lee) visits Ah Chai at a restaurant and tells Ah Chai that he is going to put him in jail. Ah Chai is not fazed by the inspector's threat. Ah Chai attempts to buy off Inspector Cheung but he won't take it. Ah Chai realizes he must be dealt with before he causes him trouble in the future. Yung then meets secretly with Chu Lo-Tai and is paid to kill Fan. Yung shows up at Fan's location and kills him and the guard. Yung then is called to Ah Chai's office. Ah Chai says that he knows that Yung killed Fan and asks his henchman, Number 6 (Shing Fu-On) to kill Yung. Kwok barges into the room and begs for Yung's life. Ah Chai takes the gun and shoots Yung in the hand. He tells them both to get lost. Li Ah Chai converses with Wai Chui and asks her if she wants to leave now that he's had a falling out with her brothers. She wants to stay and tells Ah Chai that she will do anything for him and is about to admit her crush on Ah Chai when Po Yee suddenly appears, offering cake. Ah Chai warms to her and ignores Wai Chui. Wai Chui tries to walk with tears in her eyes. Li Ah Chai spends more time with Po Yee and they become engaged. The scene then switches back to Yung and Kwok. They both go to Chu Lo-Tai to talk to him. Kwok and Yung have a falling out over Yung's behavior and he leaves him, saying that they are no longer brothers. As Kwok tries to leave, Chu Lo-Tai attempts to kill him using gasoline and guns. Kwok gets away to Mak's apartment and hides out there briefly. Yung arrives and questions Mak as to where Kwok is. Mak refuses to tell him and Yung chops off Mak's pinky. Mak stares defiantly back at Yung. Li Ah Chai meets with Kwok and Mak after Yung's attack and they become friends again. Ah Chai invites them to the wedding. Meanwhile, Yung plots to kill Ah Chai at the wedding. The wedding occurs and Yung's men ambushes Ah Chai on the steps. They manage to shoot Po Yee. Ah Chai and Po Yee attempt to escape while being chased by Yung. Mak runs Yung down and beats him with a fender. He is shot in the chest by Yung. The last assassin has Po Yee hostage and stabs her in the side. Mak distracts the assassin long enough for Ah Chai to kill him. Ah Chai has Yung at gunpoint until suddenly his father and Wai Chui appear, begging for his life. Yung runs and is caught by police. Ah Chai thanks Mak for all he has done as he passes away. In the epilogue, it indicates that Kwok quits the underworld and leaves for Malacca. Yung is sentenced to 6 years of jail. Ah Chai attempts to shift away from the world of violence to appease his new wife. Chu Lo-Tai leaves the country to avoid revenge from Ah Chai. Inspector Cheung is banished to border patrol for 3 years.
Tobuo Bhalobashi	Bangladeshi	romance	Montazur Rahman Akbar	Completing graduation, before taking the charge of the family business, A Sangram an honest and active protester against injustice goes to Gazipur at his friend's wedding party. At that party, he is introduced to a naughty girl Sunayana. He is in love with Sunayana but he doesn't propose to her for scaring of her father. One day when Sunayana's father became ill, Sangram has to go to bring some medicine while hartal is running that was called by a terrorist Lal. Sangram looks over the hartal, involves in conflict with terrorist Lal. Lal wants to pay back.
Tum Bin - Love Will Find a Way	Bollywood	romance	Anubhav Sinha	After Amar Shah's accidental death in India, Canada-based Shah Industries is on the verge of collapse. Pia, Amar's fiancée, is devastated, Girdhari, his dad, is in shock and unresponsive towards others while Amar's sister and grandmother are in mourning. Inspector D'mello who is investigating the case is determined to find the person responsible for the accident despite his superiors' indifference towards the case. Months after Amar's death, a highly respected and talented business worker named Shekhar Malhotra offers to re-build and restore Shah Industries without any compensation, stating Amar met him in India and offered him a job before his death. He is given the chance and goes about the uphill task of making the company viable again. Gradually, Shekhar heals the gaping wound left in the Shah family by Amar's death and they come to accept him as one of the family while he falls in love with Pia. What they don't know — except for Bosco, Shekhar's friend in Canada — is that it was Shekhar's jeep that accidentally had hit Amar after he swerved to avoid hitting an innocent girl who had walked into the road, causing his death. Ridden by guilt Shekhar came to Canada to confess, ask for forgiveness, and do whatever he can for the family. Abhigyan is a wealthy Canadian industrialist who meets Pia and realizes that she is the right woman for him. He is considering proposing to Pia and helping to rebuild Shah Industries. But Pia has fallen in love with Shekhar. Eventually, a conflict arises between Pia and Shekhar regarding a proposition made by Abhi to take over Shah Industries. Shekhar realizes that Pia does not need his help any more and decides to return to India. Pia stops Shekhar while he boards his flight and confesses her feelings for him. Shekhar denies his feelings and boards the plane. Devastated, Pia goes home and gets engaged to Abhi. At the airport arrives inspector D'mello (Manoj Pahwa), from India in search of the person who killed Amar, and arrests Shekhar. They wait, with Bosco, to board the next flight to India. Shekhar calls Pia and tells her how much he loves her and confesses that it was he who hit her fiancé. Being drunk, Shekhar meets with an accident. Pia feels guilty about falling for the man who caused Amar's death and confesses it to Girdhari, who surprises her by speaking for the first time after his son's death. He tells her that Shekhar had told him the truth when he first visited them and he believes Shekhar. Amar's family then makes Pia realize how much Shekhar has done for the family and that he is like Amar to them. Bosco informs them about Shekhar's accident. Abhi tells a skeptical Pia to go back to Shekhar as he is her true love. Meanwhile, D'mello who is in hospital with everyone, understands that the family needs Shekhar more than the law does and simply closes the case and leave. The movie ends with Shekhar recovering and uniting with Pia while Abhi is left devastated and is comforted by his uncle. [1]
Parklands	Australian	drama	Kathryn Millard	Rosie returns home to attend the funeral of her father Cliff, who left her mother years earlier. His mistress Jean invites Rosie to stay with her for a while, allowing her time to learn about what her father was doing throughout the years they were separated. Her investigation into his past leads to diaries he kept, and entries he made suggest that despite his career as a policeman he was a corrupt man involved in the drug trade.
Made in Heaven	British	comedy	John Paddy Carstairs	Young married couple Basil (David Tomlinson) and Julie Topham (Petula Clark) enter the ancient annual Dummow Flitch Trials (in which a married couple can win a side of bacon if at the end of one year, they have 'not wisht themselves unmarried again'). However, the Topham's happy household, and then an entire village is thrown into chaos with the arrival of an attractive Hungarian housemaid (Sonja Ziemann).
The Mad Ghoul	American	horror	James P. Hogan	Dr. Alfred Morris (Zucco) is curious about the effects of an ancient nerve gas, used by the Mayans during rituals of human dissection to appease their gods. He takes medical student Ted Allison (David Bruce) under his wing to assist him with his experiments in using the gas on modern animals. However, despite Ted's enthusiasm for the success of their effort to revive Morris's dead monkey Choco (who was earlier exposed to the gas and died) by using a fluid from the heart of another creature, Ted also has on his mind his girlfriend Isabel Lewis (Evelyn Ankers), of whom Morris has also become enamored. Later, on the night of the duo's first experiment, Ted brings Isabel to Morris's house, where Morris notices Isabel's discomfort about her relationship with Ted. He confers with Isabel, saying that she does indeed need a man more involved with her love of music, secretly meaning himself. Isabel, however, is afraid of hurting Ted's feelings and getting him to understand what she wants, but Morris promises to take care of the situation himself. Unbeknownst to Isabel, Morris's evil plan involves destroying Ted by exposing him to the lethal Mayan gas the next day, and in effect, making him a mindless ghoul who, like Choco, must continually rely on the fluid of human hearts to survive (obtained by performing cardioectomies on freshly dead persons). This sets Ted and Morris on a grave-robbing spree through several towns where Isabel is also performing on her tour. Morris tries to get Ted to return home, but Ted is committed to being with Isabel whenever possible, whenever he is not in his unknowing ghoulish state. But, when Ted turns back into his ghoulish state, Morris once again uses him to try attempt to kill off the one person Isabel truly seems to love—Eric Iverson (Turhan Bey), her partner and pianist. Although his attempt is unsuccessful, Ted is able to obtain another heart, keeping himself alive. Eventually the police, aided by ace reporter Scoop McClure (Robert Armstrong), realize that the mysterious ghoul-style killings are on the same route of Isabel's tour. McClure tries to set a trap in Scranton, the last city of Isabel's tour, by making it seem to the public that he is someone else who has recently died, and, by waiting in a coffin for the ghoul, nearly captures Ted and Morris once they arrive to perform another cardioectomy. However, Morris distracts McClure as Ted comes into view and kills him. With Isabel back home, the police attempt to question her about why the killings were made in the same cities she performed in, but even though she claims to know nothing, she thinks for a moment how Ted and Dr. Morris are the only people associated with her that also have a knowledge of how to perform cardioectomies. She later performs for her home crowd, and Morris, in a last attempt to get Isabel for himself, sends Ted to kill First Eric, then myself, as he constantly repeats under his spell. However, before Ted becomes a ghoul, he is able to write a letter to Isabel that explains what happened to him and who did all of the killings. Plus, he exposes Morris to the gas just before he reverts to his ghoul state, and leaves to fulfill Morris's final bidding. Upon entering the stage where Isabel is, he is promptly dispatched by detectives, just as he is about to shoot Eric, who read the note to Isabel that Ted left in his hands. She and Eric hold each other, knowing that Ted always intended the best for them, and that Morris was behind all of the trouble with which Ted and many others were involved. Morris, meanwhile, being drained of nearly all life by the gas, almost succeeds in getting fluid from another heart for himself, but fatally collapses by the grave he is digging up. In the end, words that Ted said earlier to Morris are repeated: It's all over, Doctor. There's nothing left of it now but you, and me, and... death!
The Quiet Room	Australian	drama	Rolf de Heer	The Quiet Room centers on an unnamed little girl and how she deals with her parents' crumbling marriage. The film focuses entirely on her point of view and although she is silent for most of the film, we constantly hear her thoughts, sometimes in a stream of conscious barrage of voice-over. The little girl has chosen to become mute as a way to protest her parents' constant fighting. Her parents, more concerned with their own issues, believe their daughter is just going through a phase. The film shows how even very young children can be extremely cognizant of problems that are going on in their own homes even when their parents try hard to shield them from everything. The girl learns other ways to communicate with her parents. Through her drawings she expresses her desire of owning a dog and how she believes they will be happier as a family if they lived in the country instead of in their tiny apartment in the city. During flashbacks, we see when her parents were happy and still in love. The girl, perhaps intentionally as a way to cope, confuses tenses (thinking I'm little now... instead of when I was little...). But even then, she catches glimpses of her parents' dysfunctional relationship, such as when her father spits in her mother's face after she yells at him. Her parents don't notice she is in the room but the memory leaves a long lasting impression on her. In the present, her anxiety manifests itself through waking nightmares where she imagines wild animals escaping from the zoo and coming to get her. At the end of the film, she hides herself in her parents' wardrobe to escape their bickering. After a while, she falls asleep in an uncomfortable position. When she wakes up, she is too stiff to move. Unable to escape on her own, the little girl finally breaks down and calls out for help and her parents, who had thought she ran away, rush to her aid. The girl gives her parents one last drawing. In it, she successfully conveys her feelings of being overwhelmed by her parents' constant fighting and how she feels less motivated to speak the more she hears them argue. As she hands it to them, she says, This is how I feel. That's how you make me feel. Finally hearing their daughter for the first time and realizing the effect their behavior has on hers, her parents announce that they're going to move to the country. When they also promise her a dog, she becomes so ecstatic that she starts singing incessantly and dancing around her room.
Torrent	American	romance	Monta Bell	The wealthy matriarch Doña Bernarda Brull (Mattox) is irritated by her son Rafael's infatuation with the orange farmer's (Edward Connelly) daughter, Leonora (Garbo). She forbids him to see her, something that causes Leonora great heartache, to say nothing of her family's financial condition. Using the singing talent cultivated by her wannabe father Pedro, Leonora leaves her humble home to later become a sensation on the stages of Paris, as La Brunna, where nobleman and other rich gentleman express their approval of her talents. Meanwhile, back in their small Spanish town of Alcira, Valencia where Leonora's father has died, Doña Bernarda Brull's domineering influence has brought Rafael to the brink of being elected to office. She's also arranged for her son to marry the wealthy Remedios Matías (Gertrude Olmstead), the daughter of a rich hog farmer (Mack Swain). However, just before both of these events are realized, La Brunna returns to her humble beginnings to visit her mother Pepa (Lucy Beaumont) and barber friend Cupido (Lucien Littlefield). Incognito, she gives Rafael the impression that she is still poor, and nearly destitute. When the proud soon-to-be-elected official visits Cupido, Leonora reveals that she is the famous La Brunna. Naturally, he is irresistibly drawn to her, which though it doesn't keep his inevitable election from happening, it does threaten his marriage to Remedios ... that is until his mother intervenes once again. Some time after the flood (the torrent), though not on that particular night, Leonora and Rafael spend a night of passion together amidst the orange groves, Doña Bernarda Brull visits Pepa to tell her of the shame which has been brought upon her home. La Brunna returns to her life on the stage in Madrid while Rafael marries Remedios. Shortly afterwards however, Rafael follows his Leonara to declare his undying love for her once again, seemingly ready to throw away his life for her. She is thrilled and, with her maid (Lillian Leighton), packs her bags to await his return. Rafael's wise lawyer friend Don Andrés (Tully Marshall) intervenes on behalf of his mother and the community he serves to convince him to do otherwise, and Leonora is alone again. Years pass and a much-older-looking Rafael visits La Brunna, who doesn't appear to have aged since last they met. This time he is ready to leave his wife and children for her, but she is unwilling to be the cause of it. He returns to his home looking over his sleeping little ones while La Brunna completes another performance with adoring fans. In the end La Brunna sits alone forlornly thinking of love lost as the credits roll.
Yaariyan	Bollywood	romance	Divya Khosla Kumar	Living in a university campus set in Sikkim, Lakshya (Himansh Kohli) is the son of a martyred army officer but does not appreciate his father's sacrifice for the nation. Lakshya, Jiya (Nicole Faria) - a college bombshell, Saloni (Rakul Preet Singh) - a geek, Pardy - a drummer, and Neil - a biker, are five close friends who are exploring the best moments of their lives in college, experiencing different relationships yet living an aimless life. They come across a challenge when their college land has been bought by an Australian businessman who plans to build a casino instead but is ready to lease out the land to the college for 100 years only if they're able to defeat a team of Australian students in a five-round competition. For the first three rounds they are sent to Australia where Lakshya meets his best friend and cousin Debu. During the first round of rock concert, the Australian band steals Lakshya and his band's song, and on protest they brutally beat Debu. While Debu is rushed to hospital, Lakshya and the band perform a Hindi song, eventually losing the first round. Saloni then wins the second round which is a chess competition. Unable to recover from his injuries, Debu succumbs to death in the hospital. Disturbed by his death, Saloni and Neil lose the third round of bike race, giving Australia a 2-1 lead. The competition is then shifted to India with two more rounds to go. Lakshya discovers that Neil was the traitor who gave their song to the Australian band and intentionally lost the bike race motivated by a greed of getting an Australian immigration as promised by an Australian team member. Neil is now planning to lose the cycle race as well, but in order to fail his plan, Lakshya befriends Jannet (Evelyn Sharma) and makes Neil believe that the Australians are double crossing him. Neil realizes his fault and decides to win the race, but fatefully falls from stairs breaking his leg. Lakshya takes his place and beats Australia in round four leading to a tie between both teams. In the final round of rock climbing, a team member of both teams has to collect his respective country's flag from the hill top and race back to college in order to win the competition. After crossing all the hurdles, Lakshya manages to win the race and the college celebrates their victory. The story ends with Lakshya and Saloni, Jiya and Pardy getting together while Neil repents his deeds.
Pascali's Island	British	drama	James Dearden	In 1908 at Nisi, a small Greek Island under Ottoman rule, Turkish officials, Greek rebels, German emissaries and other foreign mercenaries mingle as they all try to keep the upper hand in that remote part of the crumbling Ottoman Empire. Basil Pascali, a half-British half-Cypriot man, considers himself a local feature on the island. Since his arrival twenty years before, he spies for the Sultan sending detailed reports about suspicious activities. He has no idea if anybody reads his observations as he never receives a reply but his payment still arrives regularly, so he continues his work as an informant with unfailing eagerness. Pascali's suspicions are aroused with the arrival of Anthony Bowles, a British archeologist, whose purpose in visiting the island is unclear. Basil quickly befriends Bowles at the hotel’s lounge bar and offers the archeologist his services as translator. Pascali introduces Bowles to his close friend, Lydia Neuman, a bohemian Austrian painter resident in the island. While Lydia and Anthony become smitten with each other, Pascali slips into Bowles' hotel room to investigate. In Bowles' suitcase, Pascali finds a fake antique, a small statue's head, which makes him suspect that the archeologist may be a fraud. Needing help arranging a deal to lease some land from the local Pasha, Bowles hires Pascali as a translator. At Bowles' insistence, the agreement is sealed officially with a contract. Suspecting Bowles' intentions, Pascali warns him that the Pasha is not a man to be crossed. On their part, the Turkish authorities tell Pascali that he will be held responsible if Bowles fails to make the full payment. Spying on Bowles, Pascali finds the archeologist romancing Lydia; swimming naked with her in a remote cove. Pascali has been secretly in love with Lydia and envies the handsome British archeologist. Aroused by the experience, Pascali relieves his sexual frustration at a Turkish bath. Unexpectedly, Bowles wants to change the terms of his contract. He found some small archeological object of great significance, he claims, so he wants the right to excavate to be included in a new lease. Once again Pascali serves as translator and intermediary with the Pasha, who seeing the objects, a gold collar and the antique statue's head, refuses to grant the excavation rights. The Turkish Pasha wants to buy the lease back; Bowles asks for a much larger sum that he originally paid. Pascali tells Bowles that he does not need to keep the pretense with him. Pascali knows that the small statue's head is a forgery and that Bowles intention from the start was to swindle the Turkish authorities enticing them to buy the lease back at a higher amount. Pascali asks for part of Bowles earning in exchange for his silence forcing Bowles to concede. The ploy becomes more complicated when, by chance, Bowles makes a real important archeological discovery: a large bronze statue of a boy from Greek times that is in pristine condition. Deciding to secretly retrieve the statue, Bowles asks Pascali for help delaying the closing of the lease deal for two more days. Pascali helps him not only with the Turkish authorities but also on the excavation. He intends to use the money Bowles offers him to travel to Constantinople and find out what has happened with his reports, the only thing that has given meaning to his life. Both Lydia and Bowles try to persuade Pascali to leave the island as the fall of the Ottoman Empire is imminent. However, believing that Bowles is going to swindle him with the money, Pascali denounces him with the Turkish authorities. He guides them that night to the excavation site. As Bowles and Lydia are planning to leave the island, with the help of the Americans, taken the statue with them, they are all shot and killed by the Turks. Pascali, already regretting having betrayed his friends, returns home just to find the money and a letter from Bowles trying to help him leave the island. Pascali is devastated for his useless mistakes. His reports were neither read nor kept. He loved both Lydia and Bowles but caused their deaths. As the Ottoman Empire crumbles, the only thing left for Pascali is to wait for the Greeks to come for him.
The Return of the Soldier	British	drama	Alan Bridges	In 1914, a group of British soldiers is preparing to leave to fight in The Great War in France led by Captain Chris Baldry. He appears at one final farewell party thrown by his wife, Kitty, and throughout he seems withdrawn and distant. The story moves on to 1916. Kitty and her companion, Jenny Baldry, are living in England. Jenny is concerned because they have heard nothing from Chris' regiment, but Kitty dismisses her fears, more concerned by the rising prices of commodities in wartime Britain. Their quiet war is shattered by the unexpected visit of a Margaret Grey, who has been written to by Chris from his hospital bed. She says Chris is ill and has been brought back to England, but cannot reveal more. Kitty refuses to believe the visitor and has her thrown out. It is only when she studies the telegram carefully that she realises it is genuine and that her husband is in fact in a London hospital. When they visit, Kitty and Jenny see he is being treated for shell-shock, contracted on the Western Front. Chris doesn't remember his own wife, Kitty, and instead shouts that he wants to see Margaret Grey. Humiliated, his wife departs, not entirely convinced he isn't shamming his illness. After a few days, Captain Baldry returns home, to a house that seems alien to him. His former friends are strangers, despite their efforts to reach out to him. He is more amused by simple pursuits, such as walking and staring into the river. He shows little interest in his wife Kitty, and they sleep in separate rooms. He sends for Margaret and both recall their past together. He had been in love with her despite the opposition of his parents to her working-class roots. Following a quarrel, they had been forcibly parted, and had both ended up marrying other people. Kitty is hurt and furious that he shows more interest in Margaret than in herself. An expert in such matters, Doctor Anderson is summoned and examines the patient. He advises that they allow Chris and Margaret to see each other more, something agreed to by a reluctant Kitty and by Margaret's understanding husband William. As their relationship blossoms, it becomes apparent that his attachment to her is one of a childlike nature. Kitty desperately wants him to be cured, and to return to the authoritative pre-war man she had known. Anderson is less keen to cure the Captain, noting how happy he is now. To return him to the present, the horrors of the war and the memory of a young son he had lost to illness, would be cruel. He doesn't even remember the child. Finally they resolve to tell Chris about the child, seeing it as a spur that will cure him. As Kitty watches from a window, Margaret tells him. His body demeanor changes visibly and he starts striding towards the house, looking as his cousin Jenny remarks every inch a soldier. Kitty realizes that her husband has come back to her, even though he will likely now be sent back to the war.
Seeta Ramula Kalyanam Lankalo	Telugu	action	Eshwar	Chandra Shekhar aka Chandu (Nitin) is a daredevil youth and is a fearless boy. Once he comes across a beautiful girl Nandu (Hansika Motwani), daughter of a dreaded factionalist Peddi Reddy (Suman). Soon he loses his heart. He starts teasing her and wants to prove that he is sincerely loving Nandu. He tells Nandu that he could do anything for her. Then the latter tells him that he should not follow her until she calls him. In order to grab her attention, he sends his father (Chandramohan) and mother (Pragati) to express his love and let her know that they too encourage him instead of trying to divert his attention from love. Later Nandu realises that she too is truly loving him. At this juncture, Jayaprakash Reddy (Jayaprakash Reddy) goes to Peddi Reddy for an alliance for his brother's son Veera Pratap Reddy (Saleem Baig). Peddi Reddy refuses to marry Nandu with Veera Pratap Reddy. This flares up the factionalism between the two. At a time when Nandu wants to express her love to Chandu, she is taken away by her father to their village. The climax deals as to how the two meet and how the success of their love turns up.
The Seventh Victim	American	horror	Mark Robson	The film opens with the quote from John Donne: I run to death, and death meets me as fast / and all my pleasures are like yesterday. Mary Gibson (Kim Hunter), a young woman at Highcliffe Academy, a Catholic boarding school, learns that her older sister and only relative, Jacqueline Gibson (Jean Brooks), has gone missing and has not paid Mary's tuition in months. The school officials tell Mary she can remain enrolled only if she works for the school. Mary decides to leave school to find her sister, who owns La Sagesse, a cosmetics company in New York City. Upon arriving in New York, Mary finds that Jacqueline sold her cosmetics business eight months earlier. Jacqueline's close friend and former employee, Frances Fallon (Isabel Jewell), claims to have seen Jacqueline the week before, and suggests that Mary visit Dante's, an Italian restaurant in Greenwich Village. Mary locates the restaurant, and discovers that Jacqueline has rented a room above the store, without having moved in. Mary convinces the owners to let her see the room, which she finds empty aside from a wooden chair and above it a noose hanging from the ceiling. This makes Mary more anxious and determined to find her sister. Mary's investigation leads her to Jacqueline's secret husband, Gregory Ward (Hugh Beaumont); a failed poet, Jason Hoag (Erford Gage); and a mysterious psychiatrist, Dr. Louis Judd (Tom Conway). Jacqueline had been Judd's patient, seeking treatment for depression stemming from her membership in a Satanic cult called the Palladists. She was lured into joining the cult by her former co-workers. Mary enlists a private detective, Irving August (Lou Lubin), but he is stabbed to death while investigating at the La Sagesse headquarters. Judd eventually helps Mary locate Jacqueline, who has gone into hiding. Gregory Ward falls in love with Mary. Jacqueline is later kidnapped by the cult members and condemned to death for revealing the cult. She would be the seventh person so condemned since the founding of the cult (hence the film's title). The cult members, squeamish about committing acts of violence, decide that Jacqueline, who is suicidal, should kill herself. When she refuses, they let her leave, but send an assassin to follow her. The assassin chases her through the darkened streets with a switchblade, but she eludes him and returns to her apartment above Dante's. She briefly encounters her neighbor, Mimi (Elizabeth Russell), a young woman with a terminal illness. Mimi confesses to Jacqueline that she's afraid to die, and plans to have one last night out on the town. Jacqueline enters her own apartment and hangs herself. The thud of the chair falling over is heard, but the sick woman does not recognize the sound as she leaves for the evening.
Teacher's Pet	American	animation	Timothy Björklund	Spot is a dog who wants nothing more than to be a boy, a fantasy he has been fulfilling for one year, dressing as a boy named Scott Leadready II, and going to school with his master Leonard Helperman. Leonard is looking forward to spending the summer with his dog, but Spot proudly declares I Wanna Be a Boy. Mary Lou Helperman, the fourth-grade teacher and Leonard's mother, is nominated for a Teacher of the Year award, and given use of Principal Strickler's Wentawaygo to travel to the finals in Sunny Southern Florida, under the condition that no dogs are allowed in the RV. Leonard sadly bids farewell to Spot (A Boy Needs a Dog) as he and his mother depart. Spot, along with the Helpermans' other pets, Pretty Boy and Mr. Jolly, are left with a pet-sitter when Spot accidentally sits on the remote and changes the channel to The Barry Anger Show. Anger's special guest is a wacko named Dr. Ivan Krank, who claims he can turn animals into human beings, who happens to be located in Sunny Southern Florida. Believing it to be fate, Spot chases down the RV. Spot and Leonard meet up at a gas station. Through many quick costume changes, Spot fools Mrs. Helperman into believing that he is Scott Leadready II and that his family, en route to Sunny Southern Florida, had to return home, but he could still go with the Helpermans. Spot, Leonard, and Mrs. Helperman continue on their way to Florida, singing through all fifty states (A Whole Bunch of World). Meanwhile, Pretty Boy and Mr. Jolly, back at home, see another episode of Barry Anger in which Anger reveals that Krank cannot turn animals into people, but rather into terrifying mutant creatures. They decide that they must track down Spot and stop him from being turned into a monster, but Mr. Jolly is afraid to leave the house. Pretty Boy assures him that they can be tough despite their size (Small But Mighty) Upon arriving in Florida, Mrs. Helperman goes directly to the Teacher of the Year finals, and Leonard is all ready to play fetch, but Spot has other ideas. He reveals to Leonard the real reason he came to Florida, to become a real boy. Leonard is skeptical, but accompanies Spot to Krank's lab, where Krank has just unsuccessfully tried to turn a frog human. He is ready to destroy his machine when Spot and Leonard show up. Spot tells him that his machine can't work with a frog because it's a lower life form, like his other two creatures, Dennis (an alligator-man) and Adele (a mosquito-girl), and that he needs a mammal, like a dog. Krank agrees to turn Spot human, and gives him a nickel as payment for being his test subject. Krank explains that, throughout his entire life, people have mocked his ideas (I, Ivan Krank) and turns the machine on Spot. Spot wakes up to find that he is indeed human—but not a boy as he expected, but rather a fully-grown man (he had forgotten to factor in dog time). Still, he is happy to be human, but the happiness quickly fades when Krank tells him that he will have to travel around with him forever to prove that Krank is not a wacko. Krank locks Leonard and Scott up, and hope seems lost until Ian, Krank's nephew and Leonard and Spot's classmate, shows up and sets them free. Krank grounds Ian and sends Dennis and Adele off to find his dog-man. Leonard and Scott, meanwhile, are hungry, and Scott's clothes from when he was a dog disguised as a boy do not fit his adult body. They see a sign advertising a $100 reward for a lost dog. Scott uses the Twilight Bark to locate the lost dog, along with her four puppies that had been born while she was lost. This prompts the dog's owner to give them $500, as they brought back five dogs. Now rolling in money, Leonard and Scott enjoy a day on the town. The two lose track of time, but manage to make it back to the Wentawaygo just in time for dinner, forgetting that in place of Scott Leadready II is a stranger who Mrs. Helperman will not recognize. Scott and Leonard quickly make up a story that this new person is Scott Manly-Manning, Scott Leadready II had to go home, and he helped him out. Mrs. Helperman invites Scott in for coffee and soon begins to fall for him. Scott presents an idea to Leonard as to how they can stay together: he will marry Leonard's mother and they'll all be able to live together. Leonard is not okay with this; Scott is his dog, not his dad. Scott tells him he's not his dog anymore. Finally fed up with Scott's stubbornness, Leonard disowns Scott as his Dog and he confiscates Scott's collar and tells Scott to leave him and his mother alone. Scott storms off, leaving everyone else lamenting the loss: Mary Lou of her Manly-Manning Man, Leonard of his dog, Krank of his creation, and Dennis and Adele, along with Pretty Boy and Jolly, search for Spot (I'm Moving On). Pretty Boy and Jolly finally make it to Florida, and Leonard tells them the whole story. He comes to the conclusion that the only way he and Scott can be together is for him to go to Krank and have him turn him into a dog. (A Boy Needs a Dog (Reprise)). Scott arrives moments after Leonard leaves, and after getting over the shock of seeing Spot as a human, Pretty Boy and Jolly tell him that Leonard has gone to Krank's lab. Krank plans to turn Leonard into a dog and use him as bait to get Scott back, and then he will have both the boy-dog and the dog-man. Scott arrives at the lab just as Leonard is being strapped to the table. Dennis detains Scott, Pretty Boy and Jolly, but they escape by tickling him. Scott unties Leonard and destroys Krank's machine by inserting the nickel that Krank had given him earlier into a slot on the machine marked Quarters Only. The machine starts firing at random, turning Krank into a mouse and seemingly killing Scott, turning him into a pile of blue dust. Leonard angrily beats the machine and it fires at the blue dust and turns Scott back into his original dog form. Leonard and Spot reunite, and Spot decides that he is Proud to Be a Dog.
Mr. Imperium	American	romance	Don Hartman	In Italy in 1939, a European man calling himself Mr. Imperium (Ezio Pinza) uses a ruse to meet an attractive American woman, Frederica Brown (Lana Turner). He eventually is revealed to be Prince Alexis, an heir to the throne and a widower with a six-year-old son. He nicknames her Fredda, so she calls him Al. When his father becomes gravely ill, he must rush to be with him, but asks prime minister Bernand (Cedric Hardwicke) to deliver to Fredda a note of explanation. Bernand instead tells her the prince is gone for good, that this is his usual method of seducing and abandoning women. Twelve years go by. One day in Paris, a cinema's marquee makes it clear that Fredda Barlo is now a movie star. Fredda's former love travels to California, where film producer Paul Hunter (Barry Sullivan) is now in love with her and proposing marriage. Fredda decides to drive to Palm Springs to think about his proposal, as well as to decide which actor should co-star in her next film, about a girl who falls in love with a king. Mr. Imperium takes a room next to hers, and soon they meet and embrace. He explains the crisis that took place at home during the war and prevented him from looking for her. Now he wants a new life, and Fredda believes he could even portray a king in her film. Bernand turns up, however, to say that his son is preparing to ascend to the throne. Mr. Imperium realizes he is needed there, so he must say goodbye to the woman he loves once more.
Saanch Ko Aanch Nahin	Bollywood	drama	Satyen Bose	Manoharlal Agarwal (played by Om Shivpuri) and Satyaprakash Agarwal (played by Arvind Deshpande) are wealthy businessmen and close friends. Manoharlal enters into a dispute with Hariram and to solve this he asks his friend Satyaprakash to be the sole arbitrator. To bond their friendship more, Manoharlal proposes to wed his daughter Nirmala (played by Madhu Kapoor[5]) with Satyaprakash's son Ajay (played by Arun Govil). He also proposes this in order to get favour from Satyaprakash in his case. Given the acceptances from both the families, Nirmala and Ajay keep meeting each other and soon fall in love. They are also engaged. But as the events in the case turn out, Satyaprakash gives his decision in favour of Hariram. This agitates Manoharlal and in vengeance he decides to break off the wedding. With his power of money he also gets himself appointed as a sole arbitrator in one of the cases involving Satyaprakash. He then decides to rule against Satyaprakash and ruin him financially. Nirmala is also made to marry another man, Murli. But just before the wedding, she decides to elope with Ajay. Seeing that her daughter has departed, Nirmala's mother goes in shock and falls critically ill. Hence Ajay brings back Nirmala so that her mother can feel better. In the case, Manoharlal sees how Satyaprakash is really innocent. Hence, with all the truth in front of him, he is unable to give a false verdict just for the sake of his vengeance. He thus realises in what situation Satyaprakash had been when he ruled and realises how the truth needs no support and always wins. They both patch up their animosity and the two lovers, Nirmala and Ajay, also get married.
The Maverick Queen	American	western	Joseph Kane	A stranger, calling himself Jeff Young, imposes on rancher Lucy Lee for a meal and a night's rest, then saves her from being robbed. Jeff helps deliver her cattle to town, where he encounters Kit Banion running her saloon, the Maverick Queen. Kit is secretly in cahoots with the notorious Hole in the Wall Gang, led by Butch Cassidy and Sundance, and a jealous Sundance is angered when Jeff beats him at poker and attracts romantic interest from Kit, who offers Jeff a job as a faro dealer. He reveals he is actually Jeff Younger, a relative of the Younger Gang outlaws, and wants to help Kit and her associates with their illegal holdups. Lucy is held captive by Sundance after a train robbery, and Jeff ends up killing him to save her. Holding off the other outlaws while their cabin is on fire, Jeff is helped by Kit, who is shot and dies in his arms. The posse arrives, whereupon Jeff confesses that he is actually a Pinkerton detective, working undercover to catch the thieves.
Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius	American	animation	John A. Davis	The film begins at an Air Force base somewhere in Colorado. The Air Force radar detects an unidentified flying object (UFO), so they send planes up to examine the situation. The pilots discover that it is a rocket carrying two boys and a robotic dog: Jimmy Neutron, Carl Wheezer and Goddard. Jimmy is attempting to launch a communications satellite made out of a toaster, in the hopes of communicating with an alien, and believes that an alien species exists somewhere out in the universe, despite his parents Hugh and Judy's protest in talking to strangers. After school, Jimmy, Carl, and their friend Sheen spot a poster for an amusement park called Retroland. However, Jimmy's parents refuse to let him go that night because it is a school night, and as a result, Jimmy is grounded for causing a fire with one of his inventions. Meanwhile, Jimmy's communications satellite is picked up near the planet Yolkus, home to an alien race called the Yolkians, who commandeer their warships that look like a fleet of rubber chickens. King Goobot V and his assistant, Ooblar, watch a pre-recorded message from Jimmy, featuring him introducing himself and explaining about life on Earth, with Goobot declaring the search is over. Jimmy, Carl, and Sheen subsequently choose to sneak out and visit the park advised by Nick Dean, a popular kid. As the three are at the park, the Yolkians kidnap all the adults in the city, leaving fake notes on the refrigerators to tell the kids that they have gone to Florida for an extended vacation. Coincidentally, Carl spots a shooting star (actually a Yolkian ship), so he, Jimmy and Sheen wish for no more parents so they can have fun all the time. The next morning, the kids discover the parents have all disappeared and celebrate for the whole day. However, all children quickly begin to miss their parents. The following day, after hearing a message from his parents that Goddard had recorded while posing as Jimmy last night, Jimmy becomes suspicious of the fact that his parents said that they would see him in the morning despite not being there. He discovers what has really happened. Jimmy organizes the other children in town to build spaceships from the Retroland rides to travel to Yolkus and get their parents back. Eventually, they are captured by Goobot, who tells them that the parents are to be sacrificed to their god, Poultra. He shows the kids Jimmy's video, thanking him for helping him find suitable species for their ritual, before having the children locked up in their cells, with the exception of Goddard, who is taken by Ooblar to the lab, where he will be dismantled. With Jimmy feeling guilty over the fact that his actions led to the Yolkans abducting the parents in the first place, his rival Cindy Vortex convinces him to stand up and think of an escape plan. After breaking out with the help of Goddard, the children (with the exception of Nick, as he turns out not so brave what he previously seemed to be), in accordance with Jimmy's plan, manage to stop the parents from being sacrificed to Poultra the giant chicken. Everyone escapes aboard a Yolkian ship, but Goobot follows them in his ship at the head of the Yolkian fleet. With the exception of Goobot's ship, all of the Yolkian ships are destroyed when Jimmy baits them into flying too close to Yolkus' sun. Jimmy and Goddard then use an experimental shrink ray to grow to the size of a planet, and blow Goobot's ship into an asteroid: Goobot and Ooblar survive the explosion, and Goobot declares that they have not seen the last of him and vows revenge. Jimmy and the rest of the kids reconcile with their parents and head home. In a final scene of the film, Jimmy and Carl have breakfast during which Jimmy's parents drink one of his experiments (that causes significant belching), thinking it is real soda and they all laugh out loud.
Police Dog	British	crime	Derek N. Twist	Turner is a policeman whose partner has been killed. While he adjusts, he is placed in charge of a stray Alsatian dog now being used for police work. Meanwhile his partner's killer decides to break into a safe. After the break-in, Turner and his dog find the man and bring him to justice.[3]
Ambush in Leopard Street	British	crime	J. Henry Piperno	Small time crook Harry (played by Michael Brennan) plans one last job before he retires, but things do not go quite according to plan. Bruce Seton, who played police sleuth Fabian on television, here plays against type as Harry's sidekick 'Nimmo'. The plan is to ambush a truck containing £500,000 of diamonds as it makes its way down Leopard Street, but heavy security means recruiting a larger criminal gang than usual, and inexperienced newcomers threaten to derail Harry's scheme.
Southbound Duckling	American	animation	Hanna-Barbera	Quacker, convinced that all ducks fly South for the winter, packs his suitcase, visits Jerry to tell him about his migration plans, and tries to leave, but the mouse stops him, showing Quacker a book on ducks to convince him that only wild ducks fly south, and domestic ducks like Quacker do not. Quacker, unconvinced, leaves, but quickly becomes out of breath running, and Jerry again shows his friend the book. Quacker refuses to give up, using a catapult, but flies straight into Tom's mouth. Jerry pulls Quacker into a tree to evade Tom, who aims to capture Quacker for a duck recipe. Quacker then places himself onto a seesaw and uses an anvil to launch himself into the air, but he struggles and lands into a frying pan Tom sticks out of the window. Tom covers Quacker with egg and flour, but Jerry grabs Quacker with a spatula and pulls him towards his hole. The duck crashes into the wall, but Jerry hits Tom's hand with the spatula to recover him. Quacker then rides a rocket into the distance, but Tom swallows the rocket instead, and the cat rockets into a pool. Quacker, after much pleading, persuades Jerry to keep helping him. The mouse inflates a balloon and the duck boards it, sending Quacker floating into the air, but Tom, with a shotgun, shoots the balloon. Tom tries to catch the duck with a net, but Jerry cuts the net. Carrying Quacker, the mouse and duck escape and board a plane to Miami, Florida, but Tom follows, clinging onto the plane's wheel. Quacker and Jerry finally sunbathe on a Miami beach, glad to be rid of Tom. However, Tom then appears, having been already hiding under the sand at their campsite, and traps the duo under a bucket. The short ends with Quacker screaming helplessly from beneath the bucket as Tom pulls down a parasol to hide himself, snickering in victory and The End appears on it.
Oath of Vengeance	American	western	Sam Newfield	Fuzzy decides to give up the cowboy life after a calf he unsuccessfully hogtied gets her revenge by dragging Fuzzy through the prairie by his own lasso. Fuzzy purchases a general store figuring by buying things low and selling things at a higher price he'll be rich. Sadly Fuzzy's dreams come to a long pause when he discovers all his customers purchase their goods by credit, paying them back when their harvests or cattle sales come through. Adding to Fuzzy's woes are the fact that he shares his store with an angry postmistress. Meanwhile two villains see their chance to become rich by playing the cattlemen, led by female boss Dale Kirby, and the farmers represented by Dan Harper against each other. The ensuing range war would benefit the pair with their buying the farmer's land when they are driven off and taking the proceeds of rustled cattle that the pair blame on the farmers. Billy Carson sees their game and takes them on as well as the hostile cattlemen and farmers.
Autobiography of a Princess	British	drama	James Ivory	An Indian princess (Madhur Jaffrey), long-divorced and living in self-enforced exile in 1970s London, spends time with her father's ex-tutor, Cyril Sahib (James Mason), watching film footage of Royal India and talking of a past world. There is a great deal of fascinating real-life footage and interviews with India's royalty: the Maharajas of India and the end they faced due to the 1960s socialist reforms introduced by India's then Prime Minister Mrs. Indira Gandhi.
Terror in a Texas Town	American	western	Joseph H. Lewis	The wealthy McNeil wants to control Prairie City and the land around it. He tries to burn out small ranchers and then hires gunfighter Johnny Crale to run them off. Sven Hansen learns from neighbour Jose Mirada that there is oil on his land. Sven stands up to Crale, his only weapon a harpoon from his past as a whaling fisherman, and Crale callously shoots him dead. The dead man's son, George Hansen, arrives in town and finds out that his father has died, but isn't sure how or why. The sheriff is in McNeil's pocket and unwilling to help. George tries talking to Molly, Crale's wife, but ends up beaten unconscious and dumped on a train leaving town. Mirada is the next one gunned down by Crale, but his courage impresses the killer, who in a fit of rage shoots McNeil, the man who hired him. George Hansen returns to town for a showdown, eventually supported by the townsfolk, and is wounded before getting the better of Crale with his father's harpoon.
Calendar	Malayalam	romance	Mahesh	Calendar is a beautifully made film. The story revolves around Thankom George ( Zarina Wahab),a college lecturer and her daughter Kochurani (Navya Nair). After her husband's death, she is a widowed single mother to her daughter. She brings her daughter up as a friend, sister,father. As time passes Thankom gets attached to Kochurani so much that she is reluctant to get her married. Sojappan ( Prithviraj) is a high school drop-out and neighbour to them. Sojappan and Kouchrani fall in love with each other, although Thankom doesn't approve of the relationship.But ultimately relents on the pre-condition that Sonjappan won't take Kochurani away from her and will stay with her.They are engaged to get married.But fate has something else in store for them.The movie should be watched as there is a kind of suspense involved. There is twist in the tale. Incidentally the story does not start with Thankom and Kochurani.
Black Mass	American	action	Scott Cooper	In 1975, James Whitey Bulger, leader of the Winter Hill Gang, controls most organized crime within South Boston, along with his right-hand man Stephen Flemmi, newcomer Kevin Weeks, and callous hitman Johnny Martorano. Bulger lives with his common-law wife Lindsey Cyr and their young son Douglas. Bulger's supremacy is challenged by the North End Angiulo Brothers, a rival gang that is part of the New England Mafia family. FBI agent John Connolly returns to the area – he grew up in South Boston as a friend of Whitey and his brother William Billy Bulger, the Massachusetts Senate President. Connolly tries infiltrating the Angiulo Brothers and attempts to get Whitey to work with the FBI. Although Whitey hates the idea of being a rat, he understands the protection he would have for himself, his gang, and his family. Douglas suffers from Reye syndrome, leading a devastated Lindsey to remove him from life support over Whitey's furious objections. When the Angiulo Brothers murder a Winter Hill member, Whitey becomes an informant. Although Connolly is supported by his co-worker John Morris, their boss, Charles McGuire, is suspicious. Whitey increasingly exploits the FBI informant relationship, using Connolly's protection as a cover for his crimes. Connolly demands information on the Angiulos' racketeering locations. Finally, Whitey gets pictures of the rival gang's hideouts, allowing the FBI to wiretap the Angiulos. The FBI arrests them, thus eliminating underground opposition to Whitey's power. Connolly, blinded by his past, grows closer to Whitey and the gang, even inviting them to his house for a cookout. His wife, Marianne, sees negative changes in her husband as his agent-informant relationship with Whitey grows. Cut out of an embezzlement scheme from World Jai Alai, Whitey orders Martorano to murder his rivals Roger Wheeler and John Callahan. An associate, Brian Halloran, goes to the FBI to report Whitey's involvement, much to Connolly's displeasure, who then tells Whitey of Halloran's accusation, thereby resulting in the murders of Halloran and an unnamed accomplice. Following the passing of his mother, Whitey's behavior becomes increasingly violent and unpredictable, deteriorating his informant relationship. A bulldog prosecutor, Fred Wyshak, is appointed the new assistant U. S. Attorney in Boston. Connolly attempts to make friends and to perhaps divert his attention from Bulger, but Wyshak bluntly refuses, demanding that the FBI arrest Whitey. John McIntyre, an informant within the Winter Hill Gang, informs on an attempt by Whitey to smuggle weapons for the IRA. Connolly tells Whitey, who murders McIntyre. Wyshak and McGuire investigate Connolly's management of Whitey's informant role. They discover that most of what Connolly called Whitey's tips were already obtained from other sources. Morris, disillusioned and fearing prosecution for his association with Connolly's activities, anonymously divulges Connolly's and Whitey's relationship to the Boston Globe and a front-page story exposes the FBI's links to organised crime. In the final scenes, Connolly, Flemmi, Weeks, and Martorano are arrested. Whitey goes on the run, but not before giving Billy a final goodbye from a pay phone. Morris turns state's evidence and testifies against Connolly in return for immunity. Connolly's and the other characters' sentences are listed, and a concluding sequence shows a now-elderly Whitey being caught by the FBI in 2011.
Escape from Hell	American	horror	Danny Carrales	The film is about a man, Dr. Eric Robinson, who puts himself in cardiac arrest in order to scientifically study near-death experiences. In the course of his experiments he ventures into both heaven and hell. The film ends with the invitation to accept or reject Christ as Savior.
Walk Tall	American	western	Maury Dexter	Lawman Ed Trask (Willard Parker) tries to bring in outlaw Ed Carter (Kent Taylor). Carter nearly provokes a war when he and his gang brutally raid a Shoshone community.[6]
Aan Baan	Bollywood	drama	Prakash Mehra	Raja Bahadur rules his region, although fully aware that his days as King are numbered. Nevertheless, he indulges in women, alcohol, and high-living - most of which is through borrowed money, with the creditors threatening to take him to court. He even has an affair with prostitute named Dulari, who he refuses to marry, and has her brother, Kundan, sent to jail. When his brother, Suraj, returns from abroad, Bahadur decides to withhold this information from him. In order to keep up appearances, Bahadur gets his men to rob their neighbor, Hiralal's house, of all jewellery and cash. But Hiralal wakes up, calls for help and for the police, and one of Bahadur's men is arrested. When Bahadur finds out that the police have traced him to his house, Suraj decides to take the rap for him, is arrested and imprisoned. On Suraj's return, Bahadur announces his marriage to Rekha, Hiralal's daughter. The problem is that Suraj and Rekha love each other, and the question is will Suraj be willing to make another sacrifice for his brother this time?
The Ox-Bow Incident	American	western	William A. Wellman	In Bridger's Wells, Nevada in 1885,[7] Art Croft (Harry Morgan) and Gil Carter (Henry Fonda) ride into town and enter Darby's Saloon. The atmosphere is subdued due to recent incidents of cattle-rustling. Art and Gil are suspected to be rustlers because they have rarely been seen in town. A man enters the saloon and announces that a rancher named Larry Kinkaid has been murdered. The townspeople immediately form a posse to pursue the murderers, who they believe are cattle rustlers. A judge tells the posse that it must bring the suspects back for trial, and that its formation by a deputy (the sheriff being out of town) is illegal. Art and Gil join the posse to avoid raising even more suspicion. Davies (Harry Davenport), who was initially opposed to forming the posse, also joins, along with Major Tetley (Frank Conroy) and his son Gerald (William Eythe). Poncho informs the posse that three men and cattle bearing Kinkaid's brand have just entered Bridger's Pass. The posse encounters a stagecoach. When they try to stop it, the stagecoach guard assumes that it is a stickup, and shoots, wounding Art. In the coach are Rose Mapen (Mary Beth Hughes), Gil's ex-girlfriend, and her new husband, Swanson (George Meeker). Later that night in Ox-Bow Canyon, the posse finds three men sleeping, with what are presumed to be stolen cattle nearby. The posse interrogates them: a young, well-spoken man, Donald Martin (Dana Andrews); a Mexican, Juan Martínez (Anthony Quinn); and an old man, Alva Hardwicke (Francis Ford, brother of film director John Ford). Martin claims that he purchased the cattle from Kinkaid but received no bill of sale. No one believes Martin, and the posse decides to hang the three men at sunrise. Martin writes a letter to his wife and asks Davies, the only member of the posse that he trusts, to deliver it. Davies reads the letter, and, hoping to save Martin's life, shows it to the others. Davies believes that Martin is innocent and does not deserve to die. The Mexican Juan is recognized as a gambler named Francisco Morez. He tries to escape and is shot and wounded. The posse discovers that Morez has Kinkaid's gun. Major Tetley wants the men to be lynched immediately. A vote is taken as to whether the men should be hanged or taken back to stand trial. Only seven, among them Davies, Gerald Tetley, Gil and Art, vote to take the men back to town alive; the rest support immediate hanging. Gil tries to stop it, but is overpowered. After the lynching, the posse heads back towards Bridger's Wells and encounters Sheriff Risley, who tells them that Lawrence Kinkaid is not dead and that the men who shot him have been arrested. Risley strips the deputy of his badge. The men of the posse gather in Darby's Saloon and drink in silence. Major Tetley returns to his house and shoots himself after his son condemns him for being sadistic. In the saloon, Gil reads Martin's letter while members of the posse listen. In the final scene Gil and Art head out of town to deliver the letter and $500 raised by those in the posse to Martin's wife.
In Old Amarillo	American	western	William Witney	Roy is sent to investigate when a greedy land owner tries to capitalize on a drought, cheating property holders like Madge Adams and her grandmother out of the property with the help of ruthless gunman Clint Burnside.
The Fighting Marshal	American	western	D. Ross Lederman	Tim Benton (Tim McCoy) is falsely accused of killing his own father and escapes from prison along with brutish Red Larkin (Matthew Betz). The fugitives head for the former Benton mine now operated by the villainous John Sebastian (Ethan Laidlaw), where Tim plans to rob the payroll. En route, they are discovered by Bob Dinsmore (Anders Van Haden), the new marshal of Silver City, who is killed by Red.[2]
Fred Claus	American	comedy	David Dobkin	A baby is born, and within a few minutes of his birth, he starts saying: Ho, ho, ho!. Mother Claus calls her son, Frederick, over to meet his new brother, whom she has decided to name Nicholas. Mother Claus lovingly refers to the new baby as her little Saint Nick. During Christmas, when Nick opens his gifts including Fred's, he decides to give them away to orphans which makes Fred angry. Mother Claus advises Fred to be a better person by stating he should be more like his brother; this in turn causes Fred to resent Nick. Feeling isolated, Fred often climbs a tree to confide his problems in a bird. On one occasion, Nick cuts down the tree, saying that now Fred can bring it inside since he liked it so much. However, the birdhouse Fred's confidant lived in is smashed, causing the bird to leave; this causes a permanent rift between Fred and Nick. In the present day, it is revealed that when Nick becomes a saint due to all his good deeds, he, Fred, and Mother and Father Claus become frozen in time, never to age. Nick has become the modern-day Santa Claus, giving gifts to people and Fred works as a repossession agent in Chicago to take them away. His girlfriend, Wanda, gets mad at him for forgetting that her birthday was the next day. Wanda refers to a previous birthday where Fred promised to take her to France. When Fred gets back to his own apartment, he watches TV when a young orphan boy named Samuel Slam Gibbons comes in. Slam talks about wanting a puppy named Macaroni for Christmas. Fred is attacked by countless men dressed up as Santa and after he gets arrested, he calls his brother for $5,000 bail money. He also asks for an additional $50,000 for a get rich quick scheme. Nick agrees to give him the bail money, but tells him that if he wants the $50,000, he has to come to the North Pole and work for it. Soon after, an elf named Willie shows up to take Fred to the North Pole. He is the head elf and has a crush on Santa's Little Helper, Charlene. Once Fred and Willie arrive at the North Pole, Nick welcomes Fred and shows him around the North Pole. There is a snow globe in the main area of the workshop, where you can say any person's name and see if they are being naughty or nice. While Fred starts working, Nick introduces Clyde Northcut, an efficiency expert who has come to evaluate the North Pole. Clyde takes Nick to the workshop and on the way tells Nick that he has three strikes. If Nick gets three strikes, the workshop will be shut down for good. Meanwhile, the workshop is in a state of chaos because of Fred, and Clyde says that Nick's inability to control his work staff is strike one. That night at dinnertime, Nick convinces Fred to come to dinner with Mother and Father Claus and Clyde. Sitting down at the dinner table, Mother Claus continues to praise Nick, while Fred storms out and heads to Frosty's Tavern, an elf bar, where he meets Willie, who discusses his lack of self-confidence regarding Charlene. Fred teaches Willie to dance, and Willie then falls down in front of Charlene, embarrassing himself. A pep talk by Fred later lifts his spirits. Meanwhile, Clyde deliberately sabotages the mail sorting department by shredding countless children's letters, which later gives Nick a second strike. Believing that Fred is putting Nick under stress, a family meeting is called (which Fred was tied up and taken to) with Wanda present, and Fred leaves by saying that therapy is for families who want to be together, and their family does not have that problem. When Slam is placed at the top of the most naughty list, Fred understands that Slam has just had it hard and is not naughty. He then stamps every kids' description as nice. Furious at what Fred has done wrong, Nick ends up fighting with him, in which Nick injures his back. Angry with Nick, Fred leaves the North Pole with his $50,000, but Nick gives Fred a present to take with him. Fred waits until he returns home to open the gift, which is a birdhouse, a replacement for the one on the tree, and a note from Nick which says, I'm sorry for cutting down your tree. Love, Nick. Fred is confused and enters a Siblings Anonymous meeting. At the end, Bill Clinton's younger half-brother, Roger Clinton Jr, makes a speech about his brother's success. Back at the North Pole, it looks like Christmas is lost. Nick is in bed and cannot make his Christmas Eve journey of delivering presents. Willie reminds Fred that, according to a long-standing rule, only a member of the Claus family can deliver the presents and Fred qualifies. Fred begins delivering presents to children around the world and Willie joins him to assist with the flying of the sleigh and the navigation. Meanwhile, Clyde sabotages their efforts at midnight by shutting off the power, which was the only way for the North Pole to communicate to Fred and Willie, helping them navigate. While Fred and Willie attempt to finish delivering the gifts for the children, Nick talks to Clyde by realizing that when he was a boy, Clyde did not get what he wanted from Nick because he would act up due to bullying, which resulted in him growing up to be the man he is. Nick realizes, thanks to Fred, that his definition of naughty was flawed. Nick makes peace with him by giving Clyde the Superman cape he wanted as a kid but never got. Fred stops by the foster home to visit Slam and bring him the puppy (Macaroni) he wanted. Fred faces away from Slam to hide his identity and explains to Slam that he should become a better person. As the rest of the elves anxiously wait in the tavern, Willie marches in and, with newfound confidence, he walks up to Charlene, grabs a chair to stand on, and kisses her. After Fred announces that Christmas has been saved, everyone gathers around the giant snow globe to watch the children of the world open their presents. Nick tells Fred that he is the best big brother anybody could ever ask for, and they finally make amends. Fred returns to Wanda's house and she is initially upset to see him and tells him to leave. He refuses and states that he is moving in with her. He gives her a present. Wanda opens it to find a teddy bear holding a French flag. That night, Fred takes Wanda to France in Santa's sleigh, and they circle around the Eiffel Tower (It's a company car. It's one of the perks. says Fred). The two continue dating, and Charlene and Willie are now happy together. By next Christmas, Slam is adopted, but Fred never stops watching out for him - even becoming the coach of his Little League Baseball team. As for Clyde, Nick hires him as an efficiency consultant and he teaches the elves how to use a spreadsheet. Nick and Mrs. Claus, as well as Nick and Fred's parents visit Fred's and Wanda's house for Christmas. It is evident that Fred and his mom have grown closer. Fred has also become a true Claus; while Nick has lost a bit of weight, Fred has gained some. The movie ends by showing the bird house hung up outside Fred's window, and a bird, who looks like the one Fred befriended, perched on it.
The Big Boss	Hong Kong	action	Lo Wei	Cheng Chao-an (Bruce Lee) is a Chinese man from mainland China who moves to Thailand to live with his adopted family and work in an ice factory. He meets his cousin Hsu Chien (James Tien) and Hsu's younger brother by accident when Hsu Chien stands up to local street thugs - Cheng refrains from getting involved as he swore to his mother he would resist participating in any fighting; he wears a jade amulet around his neck as a reminder of his pledge. Cheng begins work at the ice factory. When a block of ice is accidentally broken, a bag of white powder falls out. Two of Cheng's cousins pick up the bag, and are asked to see the manager later that night. The factory is really a front for a drug smuggling ring led by Hsiao Mi, also known as the Big Boss. When Cheng's cousins refuse the bribe, they are killed and their bodies disposed of. Hsu Chien and another cousin go to Hsiao's compound to find out what happened to the two cousins. Hsu doubts Hsiao's claims that he does not know what happened to them and threatens to go to the police. The duo subsequently tries to fight off Hsiao Chiun's gang and are soon killed. When the workers at the ice factory learn that Hsu is missing as well, they start to riot which ends in a brawl with the hired thugs. During this brawl, one of the thugs accidentally rips off Cheng's amulet. This causes Cheng, in a fit of rage, to jump into the brawl and beat down some of the thugs resulting in them leaving abruptly. To ease tensions, the ice factory manager makes Cheng a foreman, inviting him to a dinner later that night. This would later cause much unease and tension with Cheng's family and friends who believe that Cheng is growing big-headed because of his elevated position and spending more time basking in the position's glory than helping to look for their brothers. This results in them growing to resent him all except Chaio Mei who stands up for him. Cheng gets drunk at the dinner party and is seduced by Sun Wu Man, one of the prostitutes. She later warns Cheng that his life is in danger, and that Hsiao Mi is running a drug trafficking operation. Immediately after Cheng leaves, Hsiao's son, Hsiao Chiun, sneaks in and kills Sun by throwing a knife at her heart. Cheng breaks into the factory and finds the bodies of his cousins as well as the body of Sun. He is discovered by Hsaio Chiun and a group of Hsaio Chiun's men. Cheng fights his way out, killing Hsiao Chiun and many gangsters in the process. He returns home to find that his remaining family members have been murdered, while Chiao Mei has gone missing. Cheng mourns at a nearby river, where he resolves to get his vengeance even at the cost of his own life. To this end, Cheng returns to the brothel, where he indulges in final pleasures with another prostitute. Cheng subsequently exacts revenge by crashing the mansion to fight Hsiao Mi and his men; meanwhile one of Hisao Mi's disgruntled slaves sneaks out and frees Chaio Mei, who was being held hostage by Hsaio Mi in a different compound, who in turn runs to get help from the Thai police. Cheng meanwhile finally manages to kill Hsaio Mi after a lengthy and evenly matched fight. Once he knows that Chiao Mei is safe, he surrenders to the Thai police when they arrive at Hsiao's house.
Our Russia. The Balls of Fate	Russian	comedy	Gleb Orlov	The story begins with Viktor Marianovich Ryabushkin, the richest billionaire in Moscow. He had the Golden Balls of Genghis Khan, which brought him wealth and power. He would show them to his family and friends but after that, he killed them so that they would not tell anyone his secret. After he murdered them all, he decided to make repairs since the traces of bullets damaged the walls in the house. Brigadier Leonid receives an order to repair the apartment. Ravshan and Dzhamshut again come to Moscow for repairs in Marjanovic's apartment. Once there, migrant workers tear down and ruin expensive interior items and find the hiding place with the Golden Balls of Genghis Khan. Hearing on the TV about an accident with a minibus, they think that their boss is in trouble and start looking for him around the city. They manage to lose his money in a lottery, but having stolen a car from the casino, they visit the corporation of another oligarch, Oleg Robertovich, and destroy the career of Nikolai Baskov. Later they came to the Sklifosovsky Institute, bury the skeleton with the chief's clothes and fight against the zombie boss, defeat Victor Marjanovich, get the Balls of Fate and return.
Arceus Chōkoku no Jikū e	Japanese	animation	Kunihiko Yuyama	Ash Ketchum, Dawn, Brock and their Pokémon arrive in Michina Town. As the group relaxes in a nearby river, some watermelons suddenly float towards them. While enjoying the watermelons with their Pokémon, two trainers Kato and Kiko appear who justify that the watermelons were theirs and were kept to cool in the flow of the river. Challenging for a tag battle, Ash and Dawn thus plan using Pikachu and Piplup against Kako's Heracross and Kiko's Beautifly. Ash and Dawn win the battle with good teamwork and also request Kato and Kiko to join for eating watermelons. After that, Kato and Kiko suggest Ash and the gang visit the local temple ruins. Whilst visiting a lake, a typhoon suddenly strikes up, but two mysterious individuals named Sheena and Kevin summon Dialga who ends the typhoon. A grudge Giratina arrives and attacks Dialga. Sheena uses her ability to communicate with a Pokémon's heart to quell their conflicts with each other, unless Giratina recognized Ash and Pikachu; sending Giratina back to its dimension. Palkia then arrives to save Dialga from another typhoon, and Sheena, once again, uses her ability to sync with the two to thank them. Taking the kids to the temple, Sheena and Kevin explain they investigate disruptions in time and space, and worry that Arceus, the creator of the dimensions, is to awaken. Revealing he is responsible for the encounters between Dialga, Palkia, and Giratina. Centuries ago, Arceus saved Earth from a meteor storm and nearly died with the loss of his sixteen Life Plates, but a man named Damos saved him. In gratitude, Arceus fused five of his plates into the Jewel of Life, which turned the demise town of Michina into a paradise. Arceus asked Damos to return the Jewel to him, but Damos proceeded to betray Arceus and attacked him. Arceus was forced to go into a long slumber, but he vowed to awaken and judge humanity. Sheena reveals that Damos is her ancestor, and she possesses the actual Jewel of Life, planning to give it back to Arceus to pass judgement. Arceus arrives, and Sheena offers him the jewel, only to discover that it is a fake. Arceus would have destroyed humanity, but Dialga, Palkia, and Giratina arrive to delay their creator. Upon Sheena's request, Dialga sends Ash, Dawn, Brock, and Sheena back in time experiencing the day (a solar eclipse) when Damos betrayed Arceus, but Dialga sends them further back, only for the heroes to be apprehended by Damos' lieutenant, Marcus, and his Heatran. The kids, Pikachu and Piplup are imprisoned, but the latter were released by a notch-eared Pichu. The kids meet Damos, imprisoned also by Marcus - who is actually the true culprit behind the betrayal - using his Bronzong's Hypnosis to manipulate Damos into becoming his pawn. Unaware of Marcus' true role, Sheena tells him everything about the future. The Pokémon free the kids and Damos. Arceus arrives to collect the Jewel of Life (hidden in Marcus' scepter) but the fooled Sheena ends up being the one who betrays him. Arceus is forced into a pit and is wounded by silver water and electrical attacks. Marcus' intention is to kill Arceus himself to prevent his judgement. Sheena and Damos use their abilities to free the Pokémon under Marcus' control, including Heatran and Bronzong. Ash and Dawn (with the help of Chikorita, Cyndaquil, and Totodile) confront Marcus, and Ash obtains the real Jewel of Life. Arceus absorbs the Jewel of Life, restoring his own life force and those of the future. Arceus rescues his saviors from the collapse of the temple. Saying goodbye, Ash, Dawn, Brock, and Sheena are transported back to the future, only to find present Arceus is still furious and has defeated Dialga, Palkia, and Giratina. Arceus spots Ash and recognizes him due to history's alterations, and reverses the destruction he caused and heals his servants. Ash and the others discover Damos has put them on a mural, thanking them for their help in saving the world. The town of Michina's prosperity has been kept cultivated by Damos and other ancestors. Arceus and his followers depart to their respective dimensions, with Arceus realizing that he is truly a part of the world that he created. In the credits, it is shown Marcus doing community service for Damos after his defeat, Alberto is still hitting on Alice as Darkrai looks on, and Newton visits Zero in prison while the Shaymin discovers a new location.
Raising a Riot	British	comedy	Wendy Toye	Commander Peter Kent of the Royal Navy and his wife May have three children, ranging from five to eleven years: Peter, Anne and Fusty. Kent comes home after three years abroad with no idea how to handle the children. When Mary has to fly to Canada, Peter takes his children to his father's new country home, which turns out to be a windmill. They end up clashing with an American family in the neighbourhood.
Submarine Alert	American	action	Frank McDonald	During World War II, with shipping being sunk by submarines and with an American scientist working on radio technology killed by Nazi spies, FBI agent G. B. Fleming (Roger Pryor) comes up with a plan to catch the Nazis. He believes that radio signals are alerting the Germans about ship movements. His plan is to fire all the local radio specialists, who likely will seek any employment, including working with the enemy. Tailing the jobless radio men will help the FBI find the Nazis. Engineer Lewis J. Lew Deerhold (Richard Arlen) thinks he lost his job because he is a Canadian citizen. Lew looks after his niece Tina (Patsy Nash), a war orphan requiring a brain operation. Needing money, he applies for work at a radio repair shop, where he meets Ann Patterson (Wendy Barrie), the victim of a purse snatching. Lew recovers her purse and asks Ann out on a date. After coming back to his apartment, his new boss is there with Dr. Arthur Huneker (Nils Asther) and his assistant Vincent Bela (Marc Lawrence). Lew is offered a job by Huneker, a Nazi spy commander who needs someone to repair a top-secret stolen radio transmitter. Ann is an FBI agent who has been assigned to follow Lew. She finds blueprints to the transmitter in Lew's possession. When FBI agent Freddie Grayson (Ralph Sanford) searches Lew's apartment, he is shot but is able to tell Lew that the doctor has the stolen transmitter and shot him. Lew confronts Huneker, who is meeting with Japanese Commander Toyo (Abner Biberman). The pair try to convince Lew to join the Nazi party; he pretends to go along. When they begin to torture the owner of the Bambridge shipping company (John Miljan), their new recruit is ordered to kill Bambridge, who is actually Captain Hargas, an American agent. Instead, Lew escapes, taking with him the codes for the transmitter. At the doctor's hot springs resort, Lew and Ann join forces, but are captured and locked in a steam room by Huneker. Before they are killed by the steam, Lew devises a transmitter and sends an SOS that is picked up by a young boy whose father calls the FBI. FBI agents rush to save Lew and Ann, and arrest Huneker and his men. Agent Fleming also contacts a bomber squadron that destroys the Japanese submarine laying in wait off the California coast. With his niece Tina recovered from her operation, and Ann in attendance, Lew, now a private in the US Army, is granted American citizenship.
Bhoot	Bollywood	horror	Ram Gopal Varma	The story is about Vishal (Ajay Devgn) who is married to Swati (Urmila Matondkar). The couple rents a high rise apartment at a ridiculously low price. The caretaker of the apartment, Mr Thakkar (Amar Talwar) explains to Vishal that a widow named Manjeet Khosla (Barkha Madan), the previous resident, committed suicide after killing her own son. Vishal hides this fact from Swati, as she will object to buying such a residence. But Mr.Thakkar accidentally slips in the secret. Swati is livid at Vishal, although he disbelieves the notions of ghosts and bad luck. Then, Swati starts behaving strangely. Vishal consults Dr Rajan (Victor Banerjee). But soon enough, Vishal witnesses Swati killing the watchman of the apartment in a supernatural way, and his skepticism is rudely challenged. Inspector Qureshi (Nana Patekar), who reaches the apartment to investigate the death, becomes suspicious of the duo and their strange behaviour. He follows Vishal and Dr. Rajan. Vishal's maid witnesses Swati shouting and throwing Vishal away. She helps him tie her. She tells him that Swathi was shouting like Manjeet and tells him that an exorcist can help her but not doctors. Finally, Vishal's maid calls an exorcist named Sarita (Rekha). Sarita sees the ghosts of Manjeet and her son. She advises Vishal to meet Manjeet's mother (Tanuja), since she can placate her daughter's spirit. Vishal complies and meets Manjeet's mother. He learns from Manjeet's mother that Manjeet was not the type of woman who would commit suicide. He explains the situation to her and asks her help. She comes with him and somehow placates Manjeet's spirit. They come to know that Mr.Thakkar's son, Sanjay (Fardeen Khan) tries to molest Manjeet and when she resists she accidentally falls off the balcony and dies. Hence, Sarita advises Vishal to call him. Vishal makes an unknown call to Sanjay and tells him that his father is sick. When Sanjay arrives, Vishal cleverly tells Mr. Thakkar and Sanjay to help him take Swathi to the hospital. It is then revealed that many years ago, Sanjay came to visit his father and lusted for Manjeet, after he saw her in the apartment. He broke into her house, and attempted to profess his lust, but when she rejected him, he pushed her and she accidentally fell off the balcony and died. Manjeet's young son witnessed the murder, upon which Sanjay hired the watchman to kill him. Manjeet, who has still possessed Swati's body, sees Sanjay and chases him. Qureshi tries to stop her, having no idea of the real story. Swathi tries to kill Sanjay by strangulating him. But, Sarita asks Manjeet to leave him as the blame will come upon Swathi. Sanjay escapes, only to find himself surrounded by Vishal, Sarita, Manjeet and Qureshi who now knows the truth. A terrified Sanjay confesses to the crimes, upon which Manjeet's mother urges her to stop. Sanjay is arrested by Inspector Qureshi, and thrown into jail. Manjeet leaves Swati's body, and Vishal and Swati live a good life in the apartment. Meanwhile, in the lockup, Qureshi tells Sanjay that death sentences are light penalties for a criminal like him. He wishes that Sanjay gets a bigger punishment. After Qureshi leaves the darkened cell, Sanjay finds himself face to face with Manjeet. He starts begging for mercy, but his voice soon fades out as Manjeet draws closer; it is implied that she kills Sanjay.
Little Big Horn	American	western	Charles Marquis Warren	Captain Phillip Donlin (Lloyd Bridges) and his small troop must rush to reach Little Big Horn in order to warn General Custer of the Sioux attack that awaits him. As they race against time, and Donlin pushes them hard through an arduous and dangerous journey, the Sioux start taking out the soldiers one at a time. Meanwhile, Donlin also clashes with Lt. John Haywood (John Ireland), who Donlin knows is having an affair with his wife, Celie (Marie Windsor).
Ishq Vishk	Bollywood	romance	Ken Ghosh	Rajiv (Shahid Kapoor) wants to be one of the popular kids of his college. However, due to the lack of a girlfriend, Danny (Shabhi) and Javed (Kapil Jhaveri) mock him and his best friend Mambo. Javed and Danny plan a trip to Alibagh and invite Rajiv and Mambo only on condition that they come along with girls. Rajiv decides to ask Payal (Amrita Rao), his reserved childhood friend to become his girlfriend and tells her that he's in love with her. He does that only for the trip as he doesn't believe in love and serious relationships. Payal returns her feelings and agrees, as she has been in love with him since their school days. Both of them start spending time with each other and Rajiv gets to know that Payal really loves him. Then comes the time for the trip and by some persuasion, Payal is allowed by her father to go. Both of them accompany Danny, Javed and their girlfriends and stay at Danny's beach house; however, Rajiv's drink is laced by Danny and, being intoxicated, he behaves badly with Payal. Payal realizes that Rajiv doesn't love her and slaps him. After the midnight picnic incident,Danny and Javed's girlfriends try to clear misunderstanding by making Payal understand that Danny was the reason for Rajiv's misbehavior at drunken state,so Rajiv wasn't at fault. Rajiv doesn't accept her apology and asks her to kiss him in front of everyone. Payal refuses saying that she doesn't need to prove her love by doing such a cheap act.Their relationship falls apart and Rajiv challenges that he'll have the most beautiful girlfriend of the college. Rajiv's best friend Mambo(Vishal Malhotra),who was in support of Rajiv and Payal's friendly relation, does not like this and insists that he gets back with Payal. But Rajiv rebukes him. Soon after, Alisha Sahay (Shenaz Treasurywala), a stylish and beautiful girl, starts at Spencer College. Rajiv is smitten by her and manages to woo her with the help of his friend Love Guru (Yash Tonk). Meanwhile, Mambo and Payal become close,Mambo tries to cheer her up and be with her always. Payal still cares a lot for Rajiv and is silently hurt at seeing Alisha and Rajiv together. Nevertheless, she continues to talk to Rajiv and wish him a happy birthday. Rajiv is taken aback by the fact that it was Payal and not Alisha who bothered to wish him first, as Alisha is busy with her modelling shoot. Rajiv starts noticing that Payal and Mambo are coming close which irks him. Rajiv is surprised to find Payal at his birthday party in a pub. Payal gets emotional and tells him she now thinks that her views about love were wrong and that is why Rajiv is so happy with Alisha, something which was not with Payal. Mambo and Rajiv come to blows because of Payal, and Alisha slowly starts disliking Payal. The final straw is when Alisha sees Rajiv and Payal talking, and she learns from a mutual friend that they were together before she entered the college. She confronts Payal, behaves rudely with her, and accuses her of stealing her boyfriend. Mambo tries to defend Payal, and Alisha puts him off, which infuriates him. Rajiv and Mambo get into a fist fight. Alisha and Rajiv leave with everyone accusing him of fighting with his friends. At Alisha's flat, Rajiv is unable to think of anything else but how Payal loved him and he let her go, and how after their break up, she still cared for him, and the recent fight. Alisha gets insecure and keeps asking him to profess his love. He,imagining Alisha to be Payal, hugs her and says I love you, Payal. At the Farewell party of the college , Rajiv apologizes to Mambo with a thought that Mambo was planning to propose to Payal. He then realizes his mistake as Payal still loves him and Mambo was just being her friend. Rajiv tries to apologize to Payal but she doesn't listen to him. Rajiv then takes the mic and publicly apologizes to Payal. He tells her he loves her a lot, even though she might not believe him. Payal is still angry with him and tells him that doing a drama in front of everyone and proclaiming his love is not going to make her relent. Rajiv stands before her and gazes pleadingly into her eyes. Payal is convinced that Rajiv does love her and embraces him. Alisha comes there and finds Rajiv and Payal dancing on a slow tune. She apologizes to Payal for her behavior and wishes them good luck. The movie ends with Rajiv and Payal's dance.
Shuva	Bangladeshi	drama	Chashi Nazrul Islam	Shuvaa was named as Shuvashini (one who has melodious voice) but she grows as deaf and dumb. Her father married off her two elder sister Suhashini and Sukeshini with grant ceremony. Now its Shuvaa's turn. Shuvaa and Protap from the same village love and understand each other. Protap asked her father to marry her and her father comes to Protap's parents with marriage proposal. Govinda Goswami refuses the proposal and insults him. Being refused and insulted, Banikonto leaves the village with his daughter and wife to his eldest daughter's house to marry off Shuvaa. Soon after her marriage, her husband Nibaron learns Shuvaa's condition that brings misery for her.
The Recruit	American	action	Roger Donaldson	When James Clayton was young his father was killed in 1990 in a Peruvian plane crash for unknown reasons. In college, Clayton has computer interests and analytical skills that when he goes job hunting are sought by industry and government. A software program he has helped developed is called Spartacus. It can hijack nearby computers through a wireless network. Senior CIA instructor Walter Burke attracts Clayton's interest in the agency by saying that his father worked for the agency. He starts being evaluated and trained at the Farm, a CIA training facility, in skills that would be needed by agents. He comes in contact with another trainee, Layla Moore. During one of the exercises Clayton and Moore are kidnapped. He is tortured by men that say Moore is also being tortured. The torture stops when Clayton is about to give up identities of people associated with the farm. The program trainees have seen the torture exercise Clayton was subjected to on closed-circuit television. The trainees are cautioned that the lesson to be learned from it is that they should not be caught. Burke makes contact with Clayton and shares with him his suspicion that Moore is a sleeper and that Burke is hoping the friendship between Clayton and Moore can be used to catch her. Clayton finds that she is removing the software program in pieces. Burke arranges for Clayton to work at CIA Headquarters to monitor Moore. Clayton finds that Moore is taking the software offsite on a USB flash drive hidden in a secret compartment in her coffee pot. Clayton watches Moore as she passes a note to her contact, and then he follows the contact through Union Station. When the contact fires at Clayton, shots are returned that kill him. Clayton finds out that the contact is Zack, another trainee and non-official cover. Clayton pursues Moore and confronts her about what he knows is going on. Moore tells him that she is a CIA agent assigned to see if the software she sought could be removed from Headquarters. Clayton is confused but eventually accepts what Moore has said. Clayton reports back to Burke, who congratulates Clayton on passing the final test. Clayton responds by demanding to know why Zack was killed. Burke tries to pass off the killing as staged since Clayton's gun was loaded with blanks. Clayton fires his gun at the back window of the car to verify what Burke has said and when the window bursts Clayton knows that Burke is lying. Burke chases Clayton through an abandoned building, and boasts that he organized the scheme to sell the virus for $3 million. Clayton escapes long enough to set up a laptop and load the Spartacus software with the intent to broadcast Burke's confession. When the CIA comes to arrest Clayton for Zack's death, Burke, believing that he is finally caught, rails about his dissatisfaction with his career. The agents conclude that Burke is the real traitor and instruct the officers on site to target him instead. Burke realizes too late that Clayton did not have the time to set up the Spartacus software and that the agents were targeting Clayton until he made his speech. Having incriminated himself, he reiterates that he was an excellent recruiter, having correctly determined that Clayton was CIA material. He then draws his gun, forcing the agents to kill him. Moore consoles Clayton before he rides back with the agents for debriefing. In the van, Assistant Director of Operations Dennis Slayne makes a comment suggesting that Clayton's father was a NOC agent when he died, and Clayton now realizes that some of Burke's statements had in fact been true.
Gunman's Walk	American	western	Phil Karlson	Davy Hackett (James Darren) and his hot-tempered, arrogant older brother Ed (Tab Hunter) are about to assist their rancher father Lee (Van Heflin) on a cattle drive to Wyoming. The brothers meet Cecily Clee Chouard (Kathryn Grant), a beautiful half-French, half-Sioux woman, and when Ed makes unwanted advances toward her, Davy intervenes. Clee's brother Paul (Bert Convy) is invited to join the cattle drive. Ed, obsessed with capturing a white mare, resents Paul's interference and pushes him off a cliff to his death. It is witnessed by two Indians, but when the case comes to court, Ed is released because Lee has bribed a man named Sieverts (Ray Teal) to lie that the death was an accident. Lee learns that Davy is in love with Clee and disowns him. Sieverts is given 10 horses in exchange, but when he selects the white mare, Ed shoots him. Jailed once again, Ed shoots a deputy and escapes. Lee hunts down his own son and kills him, then leads Davy and Clee back to the ranch.
Radar Secret Service	American	action	Sam Newfield	Set in post-World War Two, stolen Uranium-238 goods are tracked by the US Government, using new radar technology; the girlfriend of a gang member is also recruited as an informant. Though the radar tracking device helps, in the end it still takes an undercover girl to get back the looted shipment from the criminal masterminds.
Once a Sinner	British	drama	Lewis Gilbert	Bank clerk John Ross (Jack Watling) falls for good-time girl Irene (Pat Kirkwood), and, although at first she tries to discourage him, they are quickly married. They soon find that Irene does not get along with John's middle-class parents and friends, and when he finally insists on meeting Irene's mother he is taken aback by her hostility towards her own daughter, but he learns that Irene has a child by her former lover, Jimmy (Sidney Tafler). When John tells her it's over between them, Irene reluctantly goes back to Jimmy and they move to London. A few weeks later, when John's father gives him his letters from Irene which his mother had tried to hide from him, John realises he still wants Irene and he sets off to find her. When he arrives, he eventually persuades Irene to go with him and they decide they will try to make a life together in a new place, away from his disapproving family and friends. However, on the train, they have a fateful encounter.
The Book of Henry	American	drama	Colin Trevorrow	In a small suburban town in the Hudson Valley, 11-year-old boy genius Henry Carpenter and his younger brother Peter are being raised by their single mother Susan, a waitress who is working on writing children's picture books. Henry has used his intellect to invest successfully in the stock market, building up a very substantial nest egg for his family. Henry also protects Peter from a school bully and builds Rube Goldberg machines in their tree house. Henry and Susan are both fond of their next-door neighbor (and Henry's classmate), Christina Sickleman, who has recently become glum. Henry sees Christina being abused by her stepfather, Glenn, the local police commissioner. Henry reports the abuse to social services and the school principal, Janice Wilder, but Glenn has connections throughout the local government, and Wilder is reluctant to challenge the commissioner without conclusive evidence. Henry is unable to get the authorities to launch a serious investigation that would protect Christina. Henry tells his mother that when someone is in trouble, those who can help must take action. He develops a detailed plan to rescue Christina that he memorializes in a notebook. After a violent seizure, Henry is taken to the hospital, where he is diagnosed with a brain tumor and undergoes surgery. Anticipating his death, he tells Peter to give Susan the notebook. Days later, Henry dies in Susan's arms in the hospital. Susan is distraught at Henry's death and has difficulty functioning, but when Peter gives her the notebook, she focuses on Henry's plan. Susan tries, but fails, to interest a nearby social services agency in opening an investigation. One night, from the window in Peter's bedroom, she sees Glenn in Christina's room and decides to carry out the plan. The notebook and an accompanying cassette tape describe a step-by-step plan to kill Glenn with a sniper rifle while covering Susan's tracks so that it will be impossible to trace the murder back to her. Susan's alibi is to be provided by executing the murder while both Christina and Peter are performing at a school talent show. Susan slips away from the talent show and puts the plan into motion. As she is about to pull the trigger, however, she realizes that Henry's plan, though ingenious, is the construct of a child, and that she must act as an adult. She immediately confronts Glenn and tells him that she is going to expose him for what he has done to Christina. Glenn replies that everyone will believe him, not her, and he tells her that he is going to call his police chief to come and bring her in. At the same time, affected by Christina's dance performance at the talent show, Principal Wilder decides to follow through on the abuse accusation and contacts the authorities. Glenn returns home, calls his relative at Social Services, and learns that an investigation is being opened into his abuse of Christina. As the police arrive at his house, Glenn kills himself. Susan legally adopts Christina as her daughter. She also finishes writing one of her children's books, as Henry had urged her to do.
Lady from Lisbon	British	comedy	Leslie S. Hiscott	When the Nazis steal Leonardo da Vinci's Mona Lisa, a South American art lover travels to Lisbon to spy for the Germans in return for the famous painting. But inept Nazi agents, counterspies, racketeers and multiple fakes of the masterpiece soon confound all attempts.
The Hunter	Australian	drama	Daniel Nettheim	Mercenary Martin David (Willem Dafoe) is hired by military biotech company Red Leaf to go to Tasmania and gather samples of the Tasmanian tiger, with further instructions to kill all remaining tigers to ensure no competing organization will get their DNA. Posing as a university biologist, Martin lodges in the home of the Armstrong family: Lucy (Frances O'Connor) and her two young children Katie (Morgana Davies) and Jamie (Finn Woodlock). Lucy is perpetually benumbed from prescribed medication, taken after the disappearance of her environmentalist husband, Jarrah Armstrong. Speculation surrounds Jarrah's disappearance, particularly with regards to a longstanding conflict between the local loggers who are in desperate need of jobs, and the 'greenies', a group of environmentalists who have set up road blocks to the forest to prevent its deforestation. Martin goes into the bush for twelve days at a time, setting up various steel traps and makeshift snares, while waiting patiently to see if a tiger will surface. During his short stays at the Armstrongs' to resupply, Martin slowly befriends the children, and discovers that Lucy's medication is delivered to her by Jack Mindy (Sam Neill), who has been unofficially looking in on the family. Martin confiscates Lucy's medication, and bathes her while she is unconscious, after realizing the detrimental effects of her dependency. During one return from the bush, Martin finds Lucy has recovered from the symptoms of her addiction. Jamie provides Martin with a clue as to the tiger's whereabouts: a drawing of the tiger near trees and small bodies of water. From the drawing, Martin is able to deduce the tiger's location on his map. On his next trip out, Martin stumbles across Jarrah's skeletal remains and discovers that he had been shot through the head. Martin gives him a proper burial, but does not reveal his findings to the Armstrong family. On his return to the Armstrong house, Lucy informs him that Red Leaf had initially contracted Jarrah to locate the tiger, a pursuit he eventually abandoned in favor of taking up an environmental cause to protect wildlife and that Red Leaf wanted Jarrah to find the tiger because they believed that it had a paralyzing venom in its bite. While hiking to check his traps, Martin is ambushed by a rival Red Leaf operative sent to replace him. The man binds Martin's hands and instructs Martin to lead him to the tiger's cave, but Martin instead leads the operative past one of his steel traps. The operative steps on the trap, and its metal teeth bind his leg. The operative drops both rifles. Martin frees his hands, picks up one of the rifles, and kills the operative just as the operative frees himself from the trap and lunges for the other rifle. Martin returns to the Armstrong residence to find it burnt down. Confronting Mindy, he learns that Lucy and Katie had perished in the fire that Mindy claims broke out by accident, but Jamie survived and was taken by the authorities. Martin sets out into the bush once more to find the Tasmanian tiger and put an end to Red Leaf's pursuit. He finally finds the creature and reluctantly shoots it, then proceeds to cremate it in order to remove all traces of its existence. Martin returns to town and calls Red Leaf, informing them that what they are looking for is gone forever. He then goes to a school where Jamie sits alone on a bench. When Jamie sees Martin, he runs excitedly toward him and the two embrace.
The Crimson Circle	British	crime	Reginald Denham	Detectives at Scotland Yard try to track down The Crimson Circle, a secret society of blackmailers.
Last Stand, TheThe Last Stand	American	action	Kim Jee-woon	Sheriff Ray Owens is a man who has resigned himself to a life of fighting what little crime takes place in sleepy border town Sommerton Junction, Arizona. He left his LAPD post following a bungled operation and leaving him wracked with failure and defeat after his partner was crippled and his team decimated. The crimes experienced in Sommerton range from the Mayor parking his Camaro in the fire lane and vintage arms collector Lewis Dinkum firing off guns at slabs of meat with the deputies. One night, international drug lord and racing car driver Gabriel Cortez makes a daring escape from FBI custody in Las Vegas and speeds off in a modified Chevrolet Corvette C6 ZR1, taking Agent Ellen Richards as his hostage as he races southbound toward Mexico at speeds over 200 mph. Agent John Bannister has a blockade set up in Bullhead City, Arizona, but Cortez's men mow down the police officers on site and clear the road for him to continue his getaway. Cortez also uses his extraordinary driving skills to immobilize two SWAT vehicles headed toward Summerton Junction. Before flying to Arizona, Agent Bannister has his team do a financial background check on all agents involved to find out how Cortez managed to escape so easily. Sometime past 4:30 in the morning, Owens dispatches deputies Jerry Bailey and Sarah Torrance to visit the residence of the local farmer Parsons, who has suddenly missed his usual milk delivery at the diner. After discovering that Parsons has been murdered, the deputies follow a trail of tire tracks that lead them to Cortez's henchman Thomas Burrell and his mercenary cutthroats, who are planting a mobile assault bridge across the canyon that marks the U.S./Mexico border. Bailey is fatally shot in the middle of a shootout between the deputies and the thugs before Owens rushes in to bring his officers back to his precinct. Shortly after being notified by Agent Bannister of Cortez's presence, Owens gathers Torrance and senior Deputy Mike Figgy Figuerola. He also deputizes jailed local Frank Martinez, a former US Marine of the Iraq War with PTSD who developed a streak of never finishing what he started; because Bailey was his friend, Martinez insists that he will not falter. Finally, Owens recruits Dinkum to protect their town. Dinkum agrees only if he becomes a deputy and if he keeps the gun Owens had confiscated earlier. At 7:10 a.m., Owens and his deputies, equipped with weapons from Dinkum's private museum, have the town's main road barricaded with cars when Burrell and his men arrive, prompting a lengthy firefight. Armed with a Tommy Gun, Figuerola holds off the thugs before being injured by a sniper. Owens and Dinkum mow down a majority of the thugs with a Vickers machine gun mounted on the back of a school bus with Martinez providing cover fire, while Torrance snipes several gunmen on the rooftops. After Owens kills Burrell, Cortez's Corvette eventually arrives in town, veering past the barricade as Owens and the deputies shoot it. Cortez ejects Agent Richards from the car before speeding through a corn field. Suddenly, he encounters the Mayor's Camaro commandeered by Owens before both cars collide with a swather. A dazed Cortez continues his escape on foot, but Owens meets him at the bridge. Owens ignores Cortez's bribe offers before both men fight each other. Despite sustaining slashes and stab wounds from Cortez's push dagger, Owens defeats the drug lord and handcuffs him before dragging him back into town using the battered and now roofless Camaro. Agent Bannister arrives to take Cortez back into custody and arrests Agent Richards for taking the drug lord's bribe and aiding in his escape. Deputies Figuerola and Dinkum are taken to the hospital to be treated for their wounds. Martinez turns in the deputy's badge, Bailey's badge, that Owens had given him earlier. Owens tells him to keep it, as he's earned it. As the Mayor sees what is left of his Camaro, Owens warns him about parking in the fire lane before he, Torrance and Martinez walk into the diner.
Gozu	Japanese	horror	Takashi Miike	Structurally, Gozu is a succession of bizarre scenes sandwiched between a storyline involving Minami’s search for his Yakuza brother Ozaki in a small town, that is reminiscent of the episodic quests in Greek Mythology.[2]
Princess Fragrance	Hong Kong	action	Ann Hui	The film covers the second half of the Louis Cha's novel The Book and the Sword. It introduces another protagonist, Princess Fragrance, who does not appear in the first film The Romance of Book and Sword.
Friday the 13th Part 2	American	horror	Steve Miner	Two months after the Camp Crystal Lake massacre, sole survivor Alice Hardy is recovering from her traumatic experience. In her apartment, she wakes up to take a shower. As Alice opens the refrigerator to get her cat some food, she finds the decapitated head of Pamela Voorhees in her refrigerator and is murdered by an unseen adult Jason Voorhees with an ice pick to her temple. Five years later, camp counselor Paul Holt hosts a counselor training camp near Camp Crystal Lake. The camp is attended by Sandra, her boyfriend Jeff, troublemaker Scott, tomboy Terry, wheelchair-bound Mark, sweet-natured Vickie, jokester Ted, and Paul's assistant Ginny Field, as well as many other trainees. Around the campfire that night, Paul tells the counselors about the legend of Jason, of how he survived his drowning, grew up living in the woods, and is now seeking to kill any intruders to avenge his mother's death. As Ted appears with a mask and a spear, Paul reassures everyone that Jason is dead and that Camp Crystal Lake is off limits. That night, Crazy Ralph wanders onto the property to warn the group but is garroted from behind a tree by Jason. The following day, Jeff and Sandra sneak off to Camp Crystal Lake upon finding a carcass, before getting caught by Deputy Winslow and return to the camp. Later, Winslow spots Jason (revealed to be wearing a burlap sack over his face) and chases him into the woods before he is killed with a hammer claw. Back at camp, Paul offers the others one last night on the town before the training begins; only Ginny and Ted accept his offer. Jeff and Sandra are forced to stay behind as punishment for sneaking off. At the bar, Ginny muses that if Jason were still alive and witnessed his mother's death, it may have left him with no distinction between life and death, right or wrong. Paul dismisses the idea, proclaiming that Jason is nothing but an urban legend. At the camp, Jason appears at the camp site and kills the counselors one by one. Scott has his throat slit with a machete while caught in a rope trap. Terry finds his dead body and is killed offscreen. Mark is hit in the face with a machete and falls down a flight of stairs. Jason then moves upstairs and impales Jeff and Sandra with a spear as they have sex, and stabs Vickie with a kitchen knife. Later, Ginny and Paul return to find the place in disarray. In the dark, Jason ambushes Paul and then chases Ginny throughout the camp and into the woods, where she comes across his shack. After barricading herself inside, she finds an altar with Pamela Voorhees' head on it, surrounded by a pile of Jason's victims (the sheriff, Terry, and a decomposing Alice) with his mother's machete placed on the altar. Ginny puts on Pamela's sweater and tries to psychologically convince Jason that she is his mother. The ruse fails when he spots his mother's head on the altar and attacks Ginny. Paul appears and attacks Jason, but he is quickly overwhelmed. Just as Jason is about to kill Paul with a pickaxe, Ginny picks up the machete and slams it down into his shoulder, seemingly killing him. Paul and Ginny return to the cabin. They think that Jason has followed them, but when they open the door, they are greeted by Terry's dog, Muffin. Suddenly, an unmasked Jason bursts through the window from behind and grabs Ginny. She then awakens to her being loaded into an ambulance and calls out for Paul, who is nowhere to be seen and his fate left ambiguous. Back in the shack, Pamela Voorhees' head remains on the altar as Jason is nowhere to be seen.
Bejawada	Telugu	action	Vivek Krishna	Kali Prasad aka Kali (Prabhu) is the man of masses in Bejawada. His group has a stronghold on temple city. Vijay Krishna (Mukul Dev) is right hand to Kali. Kali’s brother Shankar Prasad aka Shankar (Abhimanyu Singh) does not like the supremacy of Vijay Krishna. Due to this personal grudge, Shankar plays spoil sport of brutally killing his brother Kali and then spreads the rumor in Bejawada about Vijay Krishna as man behind this murder. With the help of politician Ramana (Kota Srinivasa Rao), Shankar plans to become a politician but fails due to Vijay Krishna’s authority on Student and Labor Unions. Vijay Krishna has two brothers Jaya Krishna (Ajay) and Siva Krishna (Naga Chaitanya). Shankar assassinates Vijay Krishna for building his own identity. It is time now for cool, daring and dashing Siva Krishna to enter the scene for completing revenge saga. How the love life of Siva Krishna with college-mate Geeta (Amala Paul), daughter of top brass policeman Adi Vishnu (Ahuti Prasad), is affected in the process forms another angle in story.
The Woman of the Town	American	western	George Archainbaud	In 1919, Bat Masterson, now a newspaperman in New York City, reflects back on the previous century and his experiences in the American West. Traveling to Dodge City, Kansas to look up Inky, an old friend, Bat becomes actively involved after the town's sheriff gets shot. He takes over as lawman, his major concern the ruthless rancher King Kennedy's band of rowdy cowboys. Dora Hand's singing of a hymn in church leads to Bat becoming infatuated with her. He and the Rev. Small are surprised to discover that Dora works in the saloon, which is owned by Dog Kelley, who is also Dodge City's mayor. The reverend finds this inappropriate, but Bat writes a newspaper article condemning prejudice of any kind. Dora has a good heart. She takes care of a sick child, impressing others in town. She also wants Bat to give up his dangerous life, so she asks her uncle in Kansas City to hire Bat for his newspaper there. The uncle is appalled by Dora's line of work and consents with one stipulation, that she never set foot in Kansas City again. Back in Dodge, she declines Bat's marriage proposal, knowing she can't join him at the new job. She begins seeing King socially instead. But when a fight breaks out, King's errant gunshots hit Dora by mistake. After her funeral, Bat buries his guns and leaves town.
Uyyala Jampala	Telugu	romance	Virinchi Varma	The whole film is narrated by the protagonist of the film Soori (Raj Tarun) who is running back to confess his love to his cousin Umadevi (Avika Gor). Soori and Umadevi quarrel since their childhood which starts from the time of the latter's birth itself. Umadevi is the daughter of Rangaraju (Ravi Varma), the younger brother of Soori's mother. Rangaraju, his family and his parents live in a mansion while Soori and his widowed mother (Anita Chowdary) live in a small house exactly beside the mansion in a modernized yet naturally scenic village called Konavaram. Soori deals in the business of cock-shit which is required for those who maintain fish ponds nearby the village. He has two friends Kodanda (Alluri Hanuma), a person nearly equal to a Google search engine when it comes to the day-to-day advances in Technology and day-to-day affairs in the Village and Vasu (Peela Gangadhar), a gullible person who always has a Be positive attitude in all the cases. Added to this, a local belle Sunitha (Punarnavi Bhupalam) is infatuated to Soori and she happens to be Umadevi's close friend. In order to tease Umadevi, Soori flirts Sunitha everyday and gets on Umadevi's nerves. Meanwhile Umadevi too falls in love with a techie Parthu (Shashank Srivatsavaya). When Soori observes her neglecting him and Sunitha and roaming around, he gets a suspicion and along with Vasu, he follows Umadevi one day and finds her in the company of Parthu. When Vasu and Soori follow him on their bike, they come to know that Parthu is a mechanic who works in the nearby town's Hero Motorcorp outlet. Soori calls Parthu and tells him that he wants to purchase the bike Parthu uses. After a test drive, Parthu is damaged severely as Soori trashes him. Later a wounded Parthu asks Umadevi to elope with him as Parthu's father is trying to arrange a marriage for him. When Umadevi expresses her fear, Parthu threatens her that he would die by swallowing sleeping tablets if she doesn't elope with him and she agrees. After packing her dresses, gifts presented by Parthu and her ornaments, Umadevi escapes from her house that night and boards a bus along with Parthu. Rangaraju creates havoc in his house and Soori finds out with the help of Sunitha that Umadevi is in Tuni, major town in East Godavari District. Immediately, Parthu and Umadevi get down from the bus and then Parthu's friends try to kidnap her while Parthu tries to snatch her ornaments. Soori comes there along with Kodanda and Vasu. He beats up Parthu and rescues Umadevi.Then Umadevi comes to know that all the while parthu was trapping her when Soori admits with a grin that the love letter written by Parthu for Uma is of hen's blood but not his own.Then Uma in a rage beats him in black n blue. Later umadevi stays up at soori 's house since her father is angry at her.During that period she learns from her aunt(suri's mother)about true love and realises that what suri does to her is true love because he pays for pani puri for uma ,he buys her a new phone,he stops her marriage with one of his friends as she requested him to do so and he took up all the blames.Later umadevi tells sunitha that suri loves her and not sunith a.As suri stopped uma 's marriage,her father got infuriated and asked him not to step into his house.Suri challenges him that he will find a perfect match for uma and he also did it.Uma's father was very much happy that suri arranged Uma's marriage with a businessman who is also uma and suri's childhood classmate who had much crush on uma.Uma and suri's mother are not interested in this marriage.Suri's mother shouts at him and said that he will miss uma only after her marriage which makes suri realise his feelings for umadevi.Further umadevi's actions make suri believe that she is also in love with him but he stays quiet.On the day before marriage uma thanks suri for all the beautiful memories he gave and for all the helps he did.She tearfully asks him not to come for the marriage and he does the same.Seeing this uma devi adds sleeping pills in the milk tearfully.Later suri decides to confess his feelings to uma as shown in the beginning of the movie.He sees uma running towards him who says that marriage has been stopped.He asks why and she says that she mixed pills in the milk and gave it to the groom hearing this suri laughs.She asks him why he was running towards house to which he says that he can't live without her.They both reconcile and romance.Later they got married with the consent of their parents and lived a happy life.
Ninnu Kori	Telugu	romance	Shiva Nirvana	On the day of her first wedding anniversary, Pallavi (Niveda Thomas), under the pretext of running errands for their party, travels to Los Angeles from her home in San Francisco without the knowledge of her husband Arun (Aadhi Pinisetty) to meet Uma (Nani), her former lover. One and a half years ago in Vizag, Pallavi is a student who wishes to make a recording of a dance performance so that she can show it to her family post marriage. However, a lack of natural talent forbids her from doing so. Uma Maheswara Rao, a young statistics student, is an orphan whose godfather Murthy (Tanikella Bharani), happens to be the principal of his institution. Uma wishes to pursue a PhD in his subject and settle in life. Pallavi happens to spot him dancing at a friend's wedding and requests him to teach her. Uma agrees seeing the large fee she offers as he is in need of money. He helps her, not only with her dancing, but also with other issues, including driving away a bully who torments her. Pallavi wins a dancing competition and the two realize they are in love with each other. Pallavi tactfully clears the penthouse her family owns so that Uma can stay in the same house as her. Uma starts giving tuition classes in the penthouse and earns the money he requires. When Pallavi's family starts looking for marriage alliances, she requests Uma to elope with her, and he reluctantly agrees. However, a chance encounter with Pallavi's father, Chandramouli (Murali Sharma), makes Uma realize that he is ineligible to marry her, and requests Pallavi to allow him to go to New Delhi and get a PhD, thereby securing a future for both of them. Pallavi allows him tearfully, and he leaves for Delhi. For the next few months, she continuously ignores Uma, who keeps trying to contact her. She is soon approached for marriage by Arun's family, and her family agrees. When Pallavi contacts Uma, she realizes that she is not ready to take the guilt if he blames her later on for the failure in his career, and unwillingly gets married to Arun. An year later, Pallavi is contacted by Prof. Murthy who informs her that Uma has gone into depression and is now an alcoholic. He is on the verge of being fired by his firm in Los Angeles and is ruining himself. Feeling responsible, Pallavi travels to meet Uma. Back in the present, Pallavi tells Uma that she is happily married to Arun and does not wish to go back with Uma. Uma objects saying she still loves him and is leading an unhappy life. Back in San Francisco, Pallavi tells Arun about her encounter and tells him they should call Uma to their house for 10 days so he can see how happy they are. She contacts Uma, who tells her that if he fails to see love between her and Arun, she would have to go away with him. Pallavi, initially hesitant, agrees. Uma lands in San Francisco, and immediately strikes an awkward relationship with Arun. He repetitively irks the couple and mocks their relationship, which annoys Pallavi. However, Arun's colleagues take a liking to Uma, whose pessimistic nature offends a few other people. This is soon disrupted when Chandramouli and his son-in-law, Lovababu (Prudhviraj), unexpectedly land in San Francisco. Uma is introduced as Arun's old classmate, and is made to promise Pallavi that he would not reveal his actual reason of being there. Chandramouli reveals to Uma that the daughter of his friend committed suicide after having been married off to a man she doesn't love instead of her lover. He had come to know on the wedding day that Pallavi had a lover from Kavita (Vidyullekha Raman), Pallavi's best friend. Doubting that Pallavi is unhappy with her marriage, he came to San Francisco to find her former lover so that he could get them married if she wanted. Uma, realising his advantage, indirectly begins to coax Chandramouli and Lovababu into finding the truth themselves. When Kavita is interrogated, she covers up with a fake story saying that the lover is married and Pallavi herself tells her father that she is happy. They all go for a trip to Santa Monica for Arun's business meeting. There Pallavi discovers that Arun is having an affair after seeing him hug another girl secretively in the parking lot. Chandramouli too finds out about Uma from a phone call with Arun's father and Kavita. Pallavi confronts Arun, who lies to her again, confirming to her his infidelity. She confides in Uma, who believes she now hates Arun and wishes to be with him instead. However, when Chandramouli tells Uma that he wishes to get Pallavi married to Uma a few days later, he tells Chandramouli about his encounter with Arun. Having been an introvert since childhood, Arun's first friend was Christie, who he met during his MBA. Her attitude towards him makes him feel he has found a best friend. She unexpectedly proposes to him one day, and he rejects her replying that he has never seen her in that way. He begins to avoid her and soon finds out she is now a drug addict, and has attempted suicide. His guilt persuaded him to allow Pallavi to call Uma, as he believed Uma too was heading in Christie's direction. Uma realizes that even though Pallavi can still be his, it is only right that she stays with Arun. He forces Chandramouli and stages a play where he himself looks like a negative person to Pallavi, and coaxes her into realizing Arun's honesty. Arun prepares to leave the house, believing Pallavi would be happy, but she does not allow him to do so, and they clear up their misunderstanding with Arun telling Pallavi that he loves only her. As they embrace at their reunion, Uma is heartbroken and walks out of the house, crying and shattered. An year later, he arrives in Vizag and meets Pallavi and Arun, who now have a daughter, and reveals he has come to meet a girl he met online, hoping to settle and get married.
Vigilante Force	American	action	George Armitage	A small California town is overrun with unruly and rowdy behavior from oil-field workers. Aaron Arnold, a Vietnam War veteran, and the brother of one of the locals (Ben Arnold), is hired to assist the police in restoring the peace. Aaron hires mercenaries trained in combat to help. After controlling the oil field workers, the veterans take over the town for their own not-always-legal purposes. Confrontation between the town police and locals and the mercenaries ends in violence.
Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi	Bollywood	romance	Aditya Chopra	Surinder Suri Sahni is a shy, introverted, and kind-hearted clerk-office employee for Punjab Power who falls in love at first sight with Taani, the extraverted daughter of his former Professor at her engagement, but is unable to express it. Her fiancé and his entire wedding entourage are killed in a road accident. The shocked Professor suffers a major cardiac arrest and is hospitalized. On his deathbed, fearing that Taani will be alone in the world, the dying Professor implores that Surinder marry her. Surinder silently concedes because he likes her anyway, while Taani agrees to fulfill her father's last wish. After an impromptu wedding, Surinder takes Taani to his ancestral home in Amritsar. While his good nature leads Surinder to treat her with exceptional care – he even lets her have his bedroom all to herself – he is too frightened to profess his love for her. Taani later tells him that she will try to be a good wife and thus respect her role in his life, but that she can never love him due to having no love left within her after the loss of her former fiance. Surinder, grateful for the increasing acts of wifely affection that Taani shows him, proceeds to indulge her wishes. These include regular evening trips to the cinema to see Bollywood movies which appeal to Taani's fantasies about romance and her passion for dancing. Few days later, Taani finds a dancing competition poster and asks for Surinder's permission to take part in it as it would help her unwind from her mundane life at home. He grants her request and provides the entry fee. During the evenings that Surinder and Taani spend at theaatres, Surinder realises it is the strong and masculine images of men that Taani admires, and later on, asks his friend, Balwinder Bobby Khosla, a hair-salon owner, for grooming advice that could help him win her love. Bobby gives him a complete makeover—which includes trimming off his mustache, changing his hairstyle to spiky, and fitting him out in a funky Western-style clothing, including aviator-style shades with oversize pastel lenses. Surinder is thus transformed into Raj, a name he borrows from the hero of a film that Taani admired. Raj goes to Taani's dancing competition venue to see her dance. Raj joins the competition and secretly requests the instructor to pair him with Taani, explaining his dire situation. At the end of that dance class, all participants are put into groups of two by random numbers given by the staff, and as planned, both Surinder and Taani have the number '21'. Despite Raj's initial over-the-top attempts to emulate the cool images given by heroes in films, after the first attempt of impressing Taani in that way, Taani refuses to be his partner telling 'Raj' that he can not dance well and that she will never win the competition if he continues this way. Raj responds by imploring her that he will improve, and tells her not to worry. She reluctantly agrees and they become friends, working together on their dance routine. Raj feels encouraged with Taani's guidance in special dance sequences, and Taani feels good to come out from the mundane home cooking-washing house wife routine. Finally, luckily and miraculously, they are both selected for the finals. It is at time, Raj can not control himself and declares his love for Taani. Taani is shocked, to say the least, and enters into a period of internal conflict. Surinder also faces a dilemma as he can not tell Taani that he is Suri, disguised as Raj. He thus attempts to win Taani's love as Surinder, an act which only alienates her further. He is disappointed that Taani cannot see his love for her as himself, only as 'Raj'. Later that night, Taani plans to elope with Raj. Surinder tells Bobby that he will end the charade in his own way, sacrificing his cravings for her love, leaving her his property and transferring himself to Delhi. On the day of the competition, Surinder takes Taani to the Golden Temple to gain God's blessings for her performance for that night and, internally, also for her life without 'Raj'. While there, Taani has a realisation in which she believes God has shown her a sign that her marriage to Surinder is divinely inspired. For the first time she reflects on her husband and becomes aware of the strength and integrity of Surinder's character, something which she can grow to love. Taani thus tells Raj on the night of the competition, that she cannot choose him over her husband. She leaves him in what appears to be a state of shock with tears in his eyes. When the time comes for their performance, Taani is stunned to see Surinder instead of Raj joining her on stage. While dancing Taani puts two and two together and through a series of flashbacks, she awakens to the fact that Surinder is in fact 'Raj'. Backstage, after their dance, she confronts Surinder, and when he confesses his love for her, she tearfully admits that she reciprocates his feelings. The two win the competition. The film ends with Surinder and Taani visiting Japan on their honeymoon.
Under New Management	British	comedy	John E. Blakeley	Chimney sweep Joe (Norman Evans) inherits a dilapidated hotel which, with the help of former army chums as staff, he starts to turn around. A pair of devious property developers however, attempt to buy the hotel from him, knowing that the land is due to be redeveloped, and to increase in value when an airport is built nearby.
Loving Couples	American	romance	Jack Smight	The plot offers a comic spin on adultery. When Greg crashes his sports car, doctor Evelyn comes to his rescue, and the two soon are engaged in an affair. Evelyn's workaholic husband learns about it from Greg's live-in girlfriend, scatterbrained television weather girl Stephanie, and the two begin to engage in a dalliance of their own. Complications arise when the two couples plan a clandestine weekend getaway at the same Acapulco resort.
Brandy for the Parson	British	comedy	John Eldridge	Bill and Petronilla are a young couple on a yachting holiday. They agree to give a lift to friendly Tony and his cargo, who unbeknownst to them is a brandy smuggler. Before they know it, the couple are fleeing cross-country, chased by customs men.[4]
Branded	American	western	Rudolph Maté	Choya (Alan Ladd), a gunfighter on the run, is tracked down by cowboys Leffingwell (Robert Keith) and Tattoo (John Berkes) in the mountains. They make him a part of a scheme to bilk a rich rancher named Lavery (Charles Bickford). The plan requires a tattoo on Choya's shoulder, but as soon as Tattoo creates one, Leffingwell shoots him in the back. Choya rides to Lavery's Bar M ranch and asks foreman Ransome (Tom Tully) for a job, but doesn't get it. While they fight, Lavery and daughter Ruth (Mona Freeman) ride up. Lavery feels the ranch could use another good hand, so Choya is hired. Ruth tells the new man how her 5-year-old brother was a kidnap victim many years ago, never seen again. One day, Lavery notices the tattoo and is amazed because his long-lost son had one just like it. Choya pretends it is a coincidence, but tells a story about a childhood memory that convinces Mr. and Mrs. Lavery that he is Richard, Jr. Leffingwell turns up and is hired at the ranch. His plot is to kill Lavery so that Choya can inherit the ranch. A guilt-ridden Choya offers him an alternative, stealing Lavery's stock on a cattle roundup. Ruth rides along. Choya likes her so he double-crosses Leffingwell and has the cattle money deposited in the Lavery's account in an El Paso bank. He also learns that Leffingwell is the one who kidnapped the kid, only to have a Mexican bandit named Rubriz (Joseph Calleia) snatch the boy away. He confesses to Ruth and leaves the ranch. Choya crosses the border and finds Lavery's son has been raised by Rubriz under the name Tonio. He persuades Tonio to return to his real home. Rubriz has raised the boy as his own son, and stung by his apparent betrayal, sends his men after them. Leffingwell also gives chase but is killed in a stampede. Choya and Tonio are trapped near the Rio Grande, but rescued just in time by Lavery and Ransome. Rubriz comes to the ranch with his men to kill them but is disarmed by Choya. Choya convinces him that Tonio did not betray him. Lavery makes a pact with Rubriz that the boy is old enough to go anywhere he pleases. Choya plans to ride off for good, but Ruth tells him that if he is leaving, she is going with him..
The Michigan Kid	American	western	Ray Taylor	A former U.S. marshal (Jon Hall) rescues an instant heiress (Rita Johnson) from an outlaw's (Victor McLaglen) gang.
Salaam Bombay!	Bollywood	drama	Mira Nair	Before the start of the film, Krishna has set fire to his bullying elder brother's motor-bike. This has landed him in big trouble with his mother. She has taken him to the nearby Apollo Circus and told him that he can only come home when he earns 500 rupees to pay for the damaged bike. Krishna agrees and works for the circus. The film begins as the circus is packing up to move on. His boss asks him to run an errand, but when Krishna returns, he finds that the circus has left. Alone, with nowhere to turn, and without the money to repay his mother, he travels to the nearest big city, Bombay. As soon as he arrives, he is robbed of his few possessions. He follows the thieves, befriends them, and ends up in the city's notorious red-light area of Falkland Road, near the Grant Road Railway Station. One of the thieves, Chillum, a drug pusher and addict, helps Krishna to get a job at the Grant Road Tea Stall. Baba, a local drug dealer, employs people like Chillum who are addicted to his drugs. His wife is also a prostitute and they have a little daughter. Baba's wife is annoyed that she has to raise her daughter in such an environment. Baba earlier promised to start a new life elsewhere, but it is a promise which Baba cannot, or has no intention of fulfilling. Krishna gets a new name, Chaipau, and learns to live with it. His goal is still to get the money he needs to return home to his mother, but he soon finds out that saving money in his new surroundings is next to impossible. To make matters worse, he has a crush on a young girl named Sola Saal, who has been recently sold to the brothel. He sets fire to her room and attempts to escape with her, but the two are caught. Sola Saal, who is considered valuable property since she is still a virgin, denies starting the fire and tearfully tries to resist her enslavement. The madame of the house asks Baba to 'break her into' the business, which Baba agrees to do. The fire causes Krishna to get a severe beating, and he loses his job. He works odd jobs to feed himself and look after Chillum, who can't live without drugs. To get more money, Krishna and his pals rob an elderly Parsi man by breaking into his house in broad daylight. Krishna eventually checks on the 300 rupees he has saved, and finds out that they had been stolen by Chillum who had used them to buy drugs, which he then overdosed on and died. One night while returning home from work, the boys and Baba's daughter are apprehended by the police and taken to a juvenile home. Eventually, Krishna escapes and goes back to his world. He finds a new recruit in Baba's drug business has taken Chillum's place and name. Baba's wife is told that the authorities will not release their daughter, because the mother is a prostitute. Krishna meets Sola Saal and tries to convince her to run away with him. She reveals that she is charmed by Baba and not interested in Krishna; she is driven away to service her first 'client'. In a fit of rage, Krishna kills Baba, and attempts to run away with Baba's wife, but they become separated in a parade honoring Ganesh.
Carmen Get It!	American	animation	Gene Deitch	Tom chased Jerry into the then-brand new Metropolitan Opera House, where Georges Bizet's Carmen is being performed, but is quickly thrown off the premises by the guard (who slightly resembles Clint Clobber). Tom attempted to get in by disguising himself as a musician and carrying a large string double bass case, successfully bluffing his way through by holding the case in front of his body. He opens a double bass case, a cello case, a viola case, a violin case, and finally a violin. Whilst trying to catch Jerry, Tom kept running afoul of an angry conductor, who believed Tom's antics are ruining his opera. Jerry eventually escapes into a break room and lures millions of ants onto hundreds of blank pages of the score. He gets Tom's attention, and as Tom tried to get him at the conductor's stand, the spotlight goes back on. Tom has no choice but to conduct the orchestra. However, Jerry causes the ants to change positions, causing Tom to misconduct the music, to the point where it changes to American songs such as American Patrol, Yankee Doodle, Dixie, and There'll Be a Hot Time in the Old Town Tonight. Finally, the ants scatter and Tom sees Jerry. Just after Tom catches Jerry, the conductor returns and Tom runs off. The opera finally begins, and the singer playing Carmen walks onto the stage. She is just about to begin singing the Habanera, when she suddenly screams because she sees Jerry dressed like a toreador and dancing at the front of the stage. But Tom took the stage and caught Jerry, but the conductor thinking that Tom had ruined the opera suspiciously. This is the final straw for the conductor and he goes on the stage and blocks Tom's way, indicating that he has had enough of Tom's shenanigans and wants to harm him. Jerry gave a terrified Tom a red blanket, and the conductor goes wild like a furious bull. The dignified opera thus devolved into a farcical bullfight between Tom and the conductor while Jerry took over the conducting duties. After the music finishes, Jerry bowed down to the audience, and the ants spelt the words THE END on the book pages, as Carmen Get It closes to thunderous cheering and applause.
Mojave Moon	American	drama	Kevin Dowling	Al McCord is hanging out at his favourite restaurant when he meets an attractive young woman, Ellie, who is looking for a ride from the city into the Mojave Desert, where her mother Julie lives. Al discovers romance with the free-spirited Julie despite the nearby presence of her boyfriend Boyd, who seems likely to go berserk at any moment. Strange events follow and it's up to Al to find an explanation. In the desert, Al's car develops a flat tire. He opens the trunk and discovers an apparent dead body (Ellie's boyfriend Kaiser, whom Al had not yet been aware of). Al heads to a gas station for repairs, following a near run-in with a highway patrolman, when he is interrupted by an attempted robbery. The confusion created by the gun-happy gas station worker allows Al to escape unhurt. Back home, Al is visited by Ellie, followed by Julie. Unknown to him at this point, his car is being stolen. Outside they notice Boyd and flee to a nearby motel. Just after Al leaves to search for his car, Boyd arrives at the motel, taking the women back to Mojave and locking them in a shed. Al and actor buddy Sal mount a rescue mission but are themselves knocked out by Boyd. Kaiser, still alive, arrives at Mojave unseen as Boyd drives off with Al, Sal, Julie and Ellie in the car atop his truck, intending on tipping the car and passengers over the edge of a quarry. They eventually escape uninjured while Boyd plummets to his doom, signaled by an ostentatious explosion. Ellie returns to Los Angeles with Sal, while Al remains for the night, at least, with Julie.
Melody Trail	American	western	Joseph Kane	A radio and music star, Gene Autry (Gene Autry), and his friend, comedian Frog Millhouse (Smiley Burnette), attend a rodeo where Gene falls in love with one of the spectators, Millicent Thomas (Ann Rutherford). Millicent, who is being harassed by her father's former ranch hand, Matt Kirby (Al Bridge), is delighted when Gene sings for the crowd, then later beats Matt in a bucking bronco competition. That night, while Gene dreams about Millicent, his $1,000 in rodeo winnings are stolen by a gypsy named Frantz (Willy Castello), the husband of a fortune-teller named Perdita (Marie Quillan). The next day, while Millicent goes into town with her father, rancher Timothy Thomas (Wade Boteler) with Millicent's dog, Souvenir (a compulsive thief), takes a detour into the gypsy camp. Souvenir steals a basket containing Frantz and Perdita's baby daughter Rica. Millicent later discovers the infant and takes her in, not knowing who her parents are. Frog and Gene, who end up working as cooks on the Thomas ranch, assume the baby is hers. Going by the name of Arizona, Gene captures two wild stallions to impress Millicent and the cowgirls she has hired to replace Matt and his men, who have defected. After Souvenir steals Gene's cookbook, his efforts in the kitchen are far less successful, and the meal that he and Frog prepare for the cowgirls makes them all sick. Meanwhile, Matt plots to rustle the Thomas' cattle. While the cowgirls bathe in a pond, Matt steals their clothes in order to prevent them from protecting the herd. While searching for Baby Rica, Frantz recovers her from Millicent. Believing him to be a kidnapper, Gene pursues and captures the gypsy, who returns the money he stole from Gene after explaining that Rica is his daughter. Later, Gene sees Matt and his men stealing the cattle and apprehends all eight of them, including Matt, single-handedly. After Gene saves the ranch, he and Millicent, and Frog and Cuddles (one of the cowgirls), are married in a large, musical ceremony along with the other cowboys and girls. The wedding is interrupted, however, when everyone realizes that Souvenir has stolen all their wedding rings.[2]
The Kidnappers	British	drama	Philip Leacock	In the early 1900s, two young orphaned brothers, eight year old Harry (Jon Whiteley) and five year old Davy Mackenzie (Vincent Winter) are sent to live in a Scottish settlement in Nova Scotia, Canada, with their stern Granfather (Macrae) and Grandmother (Anderson) after their father's death in the Boer War. The boys would love to have a dog but are not allowed, Grandaddy holding that ye canna eat a dog. Then they find an abandoned baby. Living in fear of Grandaddy (he beats Harry, the older boy, for disobeying him), they conceal it from the adults. They see it as a kind of substitute for the dog they have been denied (Davy, the younger boy, asks his brother, Shall we call the baby Rover, Harry?). Grandaddy is having problems with the Dutch settlers who have arrived at the settlement in increasing numbers after leaving South Africa at the end of the Boer War. He has had a long-running dispute with Afrikaner Jan Hooft over ownership of a hill and refuses to accept a legal ruling that the land, in fact, belongs to Hooft. He also keeps a close rein on his grown-up daughter Kirsty (Corri) and is reluctant for her to make a life for herself. She is in love with the local doctor Willem Bloem, who left Holland for Canada for reasons he will not disclose. He does not return her affections. To make matters worse, it turns out that the kidnapped baby is Hooft's younger daughter. When found out, Harry is tried at a court set up in the local trading store. He is suspected of taking her as a result of the tensions between the two families but states that he did not know her identity. Surprisingly, Hooft speaks up in his defense, stating that no harm had come to her and his older daughter should have been looking after her. The court official suggests that Harry be sent to a corrective school, and is immediately threatened with shooting by Grandaddy. The clerk climbs down, merely suggesting an investigation into the location of these schools in case a further kidnapping should occur. Afterwards, Grandaddy thanks Hooft for speaking up for Harry. The film ends with Grandaddy (who had never learned to read or write) instructing Harry to write to a mail order company to order the red setter they had set their hearts on. He had found the flyer for the dog in one of his best boots, where the boys had hidden it. They had noticed that he sometimes walked without these boots, slinging them over his shoulder, to save wear and tear. To pay for the dog, Grandaddy had sold them – a prized item among his few possessions. Davy is now able to say, I think we'll call him Rover, Harry. One of the film's most memorable moments comes with the horror on Duncan Macrae's face at what his grandson must have thought of him when he implores Don't eat the babbie, grandaddy!.
Angel	Hong Kong	action	Raymond Leung, Tony Leung Siu-hung, Ivan Lai Kai-ming	After Interpol destroys a mass of Thai opium fields, the drug lords strike back by viciously murdering the officers in charge of the drug raid. In response, the cops hire the mercenary Angel Organization whose leader, John (David Chiang), sends crack agents—Angel #01 Saijo (Hideki Saijo), Moon (Moon Lee) and Elaine (Elaine Lui). Their first act is to seize a massive drug shipment with the help of an American secret operative, Commander Alex Fong (Alex Fong). This inevitably invokes the rage of frighteningly fierce Madam Yeung (Yukari Oshima) who recently grabbed the mantel of power after killing her predecessor. After a series of tussles with Madam Yeung, Saijo finds himself buried alive in an armored car while Moon and Elaine settle their score with their nemesis kung fu style.
Flaming Brothers	Hong Kong	crime	Joseph Cheung	Alan Chan (Alan Tang) and Cheung Ho-tin (Chow Yun-fat) are orphans wandering in the streets of Macau who became sworn brothers together, they make a living by stealing. One day, while Tin was stealing food in a church, he is discovered by Ho Ka-hei (Pat Ha), who encourages him not to steal and subsequently brings food to him and his friends everyday until one day, when Ka-hei was adopted and the two farewell in tears. Alan and Tin struggles very hard and finally succeeds and become triad leaders. During a gang warfare, Alan and Tin kill Chiu, the underling of a major Macau triad leader Ko Lo-sei (Patrick Tse). Ko mobilizes his men to seek revenge but the strong-willed Alan strikes back. Then, the cunning Ko pretends to reconcile with Alan and provides news for Alan to traffick arms in Thailand. However, the arms dealer turns out to be Ko's rival, Uncle Pui, and Alan nearly lost his life. With his extraordinary courage, Alan gains Pui's trust and successfully makes business. At the same time, Alan also meets Macau singer Jenny and falls in love with her and brings her back to Macau. While Alan was highlighting danger in Thailand, Tin re-encounters Ka-hei in a Catholic school and after lay each other's heart bare, they get engaged. However, Ka-hei requests Tin to leave the underworld and wants to lead a peaceful life in Hong Kong. Tin summons his courage to tell Alan about this, but Alan, while preparing big business with Tin, becomes enraged. Having to choose between his lover and his brother, Tin sadly leaves Alan. When Ko discovers that Alan safely returned from Thailand, he falls out with him and annexes all his purchased arms, formally declaring war with Alan. Later, Alan falls into Ko's trap and becomes encircled where his underlings are fully wiped out and Jenny is also killed from protecting him. Alan decides to single-highhandedly deal with Ko. In Hong Kong, Tin hears news of it and leaves his beloved wife and returns to Macau to fight with Ko alongside Alan in a gunfight where after a fierce battle, the trio dies together.
Win a Date with Tad Hamilton!	American	comedy	Robert Luketic	The film opens with a soldier and nurse getting out of two 1940-style cars in the middle of night. The nurse runs up to the soldier and the camera switches to reveal this to be a scene from a film. Three Piggly Wiggly store workers in Fraziers Bottom, West Virginia—Rosalee, Cathy, and Pete—are watching and as the nurse on screen asks for forgiveness and the soldier agrees, the women in the audience are moved to tears as Pete is clearly unimpressed. As the ladies wonder what Tad Hamilton—the star of the film—is doing at that moment, their prediction of praying is proven false as the scene cuts to Tad—described in the next scene by his agent—drinking, driving, smoking, leering, and groping all at the same time. Tad's agent tells him that his hedonistic lifestyle is damaging his reputation and career opportunities. In order to improve his image and convince a director to cast him in an upcoming film, his agents establish a competition to win a date with Tad with proceeds going towards the charity Save the Children. An online advertisement for the competition is found by Rosalee. With the help of the Piggly Wiggly customers and the reluctant agreement of Pete, Cathy and Rosalee raise the $100 entrance money as Pete reveals to his superior that he will leave for Richmond to go to college after he has a discussion with someone about going to Richmond with me. A news crew arrives outside Rosalee's house, signalling her success at winning a date with Tad Hamilton. Subsequently, a despondent Pete sees her off at the airport. Rosalee is awed by Los Angeles and becomes tongue-tied in Tad's presence; the date does not go well as Rosalee vomits in the limousine and Tad mentioning his love of animals—which Pete had warned was a signal of sexual intentions—rouses her suspicions. After seeing Tad's house, Rosalee requests to go back to the hotel and soon returns home, leaving Tad thoughtful. As Pete is about to tell Rosalee about moving to Richmond she is surprised—as much as Pete is disappointed—by Tad's sudden arrival to rekindle their relationship. Though Rosalee is still cynical of him as he uses a line from one of his films, his admission of not having his priorities straight seems to convince her of his good intentions. During a phone call with his agent, Tad insists that he wants to turn over a new leaf, and will not return to Los Angeles for a while. When he picks Rosalee up for a date he leaves a good impression on Rosalee's father, who had studied hard for the encounter. Pete tries to stop their date by reporting the pair for illegally parking. He tries to convince Rosalee that Tad is just using her. Despite all his efforts, Rosalee and Tad grow close over the next few days. In the bar, Pete corners Tad in a men's room stall. After conceding that Rosalee is in love with Tad, Pete tells Tad that Rosalee is more than a wholesome small town girl, Rosalee is a wonderful person with the kind of beauty a guy only sees once. He explains about her six smiles: one smile when something makes her laugh, one for polite laughter, one for when she makes plans, one when she makes fun of herself, one when she's uncomfortable, and one when she's talking about her friends. Pete makes Tad swear not to break her heart or he will tear Tad to pieces with his bare hands or vicious rhetoric. When the pair is in Tad's hotel room, his agents appear and inform him that the director has decided to cast him in the film after all. Tad is overjoyed and convinces Rosalee to come to Los Angeles with him by using Pete's six smiles speech. After a rousing speech about great love from Angelica, a barmaid with a crush on him, Pete rushes to Rosalee's house and confesses his love for her but she is confused and resolves to still go to LA with Tad. On the plane when Tad fails to identify one of Rosalee's smiles, he confesses his lie and she asks to go home. She runs to Piggly Wiggly and Pete's house, then drives furiously towards Richmond to overtake her heartbroken friend. Similar to the opening scene, Rosalee and Pete get out of their cars and Pete, surrendering to a romantic song on the car radio, asks her to dance.
The Last Winter	American	horror	Larry Fessenden	The American oil company KIK Corporation is building an ice road to explore the remote northern Arctic National Wildlife Refuge seeking energy independence. Independent environmentalists work together in a drilling base headed by the tough Ed Pollack in a sort of agreement with the government, approving procedures and sending reports of the operation. When one team member is found dead and naked on the snow, the environmentalist James Hoffman suspects that sour gas (natural gas containing hydrogen sulfide) may have been leaked out as a result of runaway climate change (arctic methane release). The sour gas might then be provoking hallucinations and insanity in the group. After a second fatal incident, he convinces Ed to travel with the team to a hospital for examination. However, weird events end up trapping the group at the base. One of the characters presently opines that Nature itself has turned against mankind. Documentation and research found in an abandoned shack in the middle of the Arctic by another team member suggest that the Earth is releasing 'The Last Winter'. This implies that the rapacious, virus-like behavior of oil-seeking humans has resurrected the 'ghosts' of the fossil-fuels being siphoned out of the ground. The chief catalyst here is allegedly the Spirit of the Wendigo. These ghosts and other bizarre occurrences kill off most of the remaining characters. In the penultimate scene, Hoffman must decide whether to fire a flare gun at a ghost stalking Pollack, or up into the air to summon help from a nearby town, opting for the latter. This action causes the apparition to focus on Hoffman instead of Pollack, and it grabs him and carries him off. The scene then segues into a montage of past life images which interrupt themselves long enough to reveal Pollack being attacked and presumably killed by a trio of spectral creatures. The ending scene is that of the only surviving researcher, Abby Sellers, waking up alone in a deserted hospital with no recollection of arriving there. A news anchorman is broadcasting over a television in the waiting room about natural disasters occurring nationwide. She discovers a male employee who has committed suicide by hanging himself in one of the rooms. She proceeds outside, and the camera's perspective switches to a claustrophobic overhead shot that gives away very little of what she is witnessing. There are pools of water on the ground nearby. In the background she hears car alarms and the sound of the wind, as well as a fluttering noise similar to that made by the murderous ghost creatures further north in the Alaskan snow fields.
Trigger Trail	American	western	Lewis D. Collins	a cowboy (Rod Cameron) intervenes when greedy businessmen try to trick homesteaders into forteiting their land.
Kiss the Bride	American	romance	Vanessa Parise	The story centers around a traditional Italian-American family and four daughters each having completely different personalities. Danni, one of the sisters, is about to be the first of the sisters to walk down the aisle. That is, if her three sisters won't stop it. Niki, Chrissy and Toni return home for the long overdue family reunion, which ultimately turns into a contest of who can one-up the other. Niki brings her Jewish boyfriend along, the lesbian Toni is accompanied by her biker girlfriend Amy, and Chrissy, who is too busy for a boyfriend, brings her brand new Porsche. The sisters reek of overachievement and insecurity and subconsciously long for the approval and love of their domineering father.
In a World...	American	comedy	Lake Bell	Sam Sotto is a Hollywood actor who is known as king of voice-overs for his extensive narration and voice-over work. He has recently published an autobiography and is about to receive a lifetime achievement award upon turning 60. His 31-year-old daughter, Carol Solomon, is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father. Sam forces Carol to move out of his house so that he can live with his girlfriend Jamie, who is a year younger than Carol. Carol leaves to stay with her older sister Dani and her husband Moe. An upcoming film series, The Amazon Games, plans to bring back the In a world... line made famous by the late Don LaFontaine. The trailer voice-over is highly sought after. Sam bows out so that his friend and heir-apparent, Gustav Warner, can assume the role, but Gustav develops laryngitis and fails to show up to a temp track recording. Carol happens to be at the studio doing other work with engineer Louis, and she substitutes for Gustav. The series' executive producer decides she wants Carol for the job instead. Carol also gets other voice-over work, but she neglects to tell her self-absorbed father about her newfound success. Gustav and Sam feel entitled and are dismissive of the unknown woman who stole the job from them. Carol visits Dani at the hotel where Dani works as concierge. Intrigued by the voice of a flirtatious Irish guest, she asks Dani to interview and record him for her voice archive. During the interview, Dani pretends to be single. Carol joins Sam and Jamie at a party at Gustav's mansion. Gustav flirts with her, and Carol ends up staying the night. While waiting for Dani to come home from work, Moe listens to the recording of her interview with the hotel guest and is shocked at her lie. He leaves the apartment after she arrives. Rumors spread quickly about Carol and Gustav. Gustav boasts to Sam of his night with some party-crasher, and when Gustav learns she is the woman in competition for the job, he decides to keep pursuing her, still not fully realizing who she is. Sam and Jamie host a meal for Sam's daughters. It comes out that Carol is the mystery woman in the running for the coveted job. Sam is indignant, furious at Gustav, and dismissive of Carol, causing her to leave angry. Sam vows to compete for the job himself. Dani is distraught about her husband, and Carol secretly records her anguish, sending the message to Moe to help win him back. Competition for the job heats up. All three must send recordings for the studio to decide among. Carol is ready to drop out, but Louis champions her cause, also explaining that he likes her. Carol admits she likes him, too. They work together to produce the audition recording, then party together afterwards. At the end of the night, Louis finally kisses her. Though Carol is still angry at her father, Moe insists that she and Dani go to the Golden Trailer Awards, where Sam is due to receive a lifetime achievement award. There the trailer for The Amazon Games is revealed; Carol got the job and is elated. Sam storms off. Jamie berates him and threatens to leave him if he does not grow up and show support for his daughters. During his acceptance speech, Sam is magnanimous in victory, dedicating the award to his daughters. In the ladies room, Carol encounters the executive producer, Katherine Huling, who bluntly tells Carol that she was not the best person for the job, but was chosen for the greater meaning of having a woman in that role. In the final scene, Carol goes back to her work as a voice coach, helping low self-esteem, high-pitched, squeaky-voiced women to speak less like a baby doll or sexy baby and be taken more seriously as mature women, using her voice-over on The Amazon Games trailer as their inspiration.
The Marriage Bond	British	drama	Maurice Elvey	A drunken man is left by his wife but she later comes back to him when she realises how desperate he is.
Run for Cover	American	western	Nicholas Ray	Matt Dow meets young cowboy Davey Bishop for the first time. As they take turns shooting at a hawk, a train that has recently been robbed goes by. Mistaking it for an attack by train robbers, a bag of money is tossed from the train toward the two men. Dow and Davey take the money to town, where they are presumed to have robbed the train. Davey is shot, wounded and taken to the Swenson farm to recover. Matt explains what happened and is made welcome by Helga Swenson and her father. The townspeople regret the shooting of Davey, whose limp will be permanent. Matt accepts a job as sheriff, trying to redeem himself for a shady past. He also begins to court Helga. Outlaws led by a man named Morgan rob the town's bank. One recognizes Matt, which makes the townsfolk worry that he might be in on this. Matt sets out to capture one of the robbers, but Davey, now a deputy, fails to stop another thief from being lynched. And Helga's father is also accidentally killed. A posse is formed, but after a hard ride, Matt and Davey are the only ones left. Bodies of most of the thieves are found dead with Comanche arrows in them. Davey double-crosses Matt, confessing that he was in on the robbery all along. Davey and Matt are trapped by Comanches and hide the money. A wounded Matt tries to make it across a river. Davey and Morgan discuss how to get the money back. Davey decides to do the right thing at last and shoots Morgan, but mistakenly Matt believes that Davey has drawn a gun on him and shoots in self-defense. Davey is dead and Matt rides back to Helga to explain.
Al Haram (The Sin)	Egyptian	drama	Henry Barakat	Azizah, a poor peasant, portrays worker oppression in this somber social drama. She gets savagely raped by a guard when she goes into the fields to gather potatoes. She does not reveal what had happened to her husband who is suffering from an illness. She conceals the pregnancy and throttles the baby after it is born. She also dies soon thereafter. The migrant workers rally around her memory as she becomes a martyr to the cause of the struggling peasants. The newspaper Le Monde wrote: we have been attracted to this film due to the true picture that reflects the suffering of this village, the picture is not about a problem for one individual, it’s about the reflection of everything surrounding her, from people to culture.
 The Osiris Child: Science Fiction Volume One	Australian	sci-fi	Shane Abbess	Set in a time of interplanetary colonization, Sy Lombrok (Kellan Lutz), a former nurse who is now a drifter with a haunted past, forms an unlikely alliance with Kane Sommerville (Daniel MacPherson), a lieutenant who works for off-world military contractor Exor. In a race against time, they set out to rescue Kane's young daughter Indi (Teagan Croft) amid an impending global crisis precipitated by Exor.
Mahulbonir Sereng	Bengali	romance	Sekhar Das	The story of Mahulbanir Sereng is a narrative revolving around the triangular love story of Aghore (Pijush Ganguly), with his wife Saheli (Chandrayee Ghosh) and Dr. Alaktak Roy (Silajit Majumder). Aghore is a police constable who works in a different place so he often stays out of hometown, in the mean time his wife Saheli gets closer with the new young doctor of their village. When Aghore came back, he get the news the Saheli is pregnant, he becomes very happy. But the all of villageman claims that the baby is the doctor's and not of Aghore's. Though Aghore tries to argue in favour of his wife and doctor but the village head calls 'Gira' by gram Panchayet (Judgement by 10 village heads). On the day of 'Gira' Saheli commits suicide and the narrator Damayanti (Roopa Ganguly) helps the doctor to run away. Another parallel story of Damayanti and Somesh Gomes (Sabyasachi Chakrabarty) goes side by side. Somesh is a social worker, the love interest of Damayanti who is the B.D.O. of that tribal area. Twelve years after this incident Damayanti comes back to the village of 'Mahulbani' and finds that besides many changes the beauty and simplicity of nature still exists.
Love	American	romance	Wesley Ruggles	A young woman, Natalie Storm (played by Glaum), works in a sweatshop and struggles to support her mother (played by Yorke) and little sister, Beatrice (played by Cartwright). Their mother dies and Beatrice suffers from poverty. Because of her circumstances, Natalie rejects the marriage proposal of Tom Chandler (played by Kirkwood), a self-educated mining engineer. He then leaves for South America, where he intends to make his fortune. To save her sister and herself, Natalie becomes the mistress of a wealthy Wall Street magnate, Alvin Dunning (played by Kilgour). When he publicly humiliates her, however, she becomes determined to free herself. Meanwhile, Chandler discovers a copper mine in South America and returns. He is invited to a party at Dunning's home. When he meets Natalie as Dunning's mistress he is heartbroken and abruptly leaves. Natalie is by now desperate to get away from Dunning. She then acquires enough money from a lucky stock tip to leave him. Dunning finds Natalie and attempts to force her to return to him. He is killed in a violent car accident and Natalie is severely injured. Upon opening her eyes after the crash, she sees Chandler standing over her. The couple is happily reconciled.
Are We Done Yet?	American	comedy	Steve Carr	Following the events of Are We There Yet?, Nick Persons (Ice Cube) has married Suzanne (Nia Long) and moved in with her, Kevin (Philip Daniel Bolden), and Lindsey (Aleisha Allen) into his apartment, also purchasing a 2007 Cadillac Escalade (after he accidentally blew up his Lincoln Navigator SUV in the previous film by leaving the lighter unattended inside). He has also sold his sports memorabilia store to his best friend, Marty (played by Jay Mohr in the first film). The family has also got a Berger Picard and named it Coco. While getting ready for an interview with Magic Johnson, Suzanne tells Nick that she is pregnant and they later find out that there will be twins. For more space, Suzanne and Nick go check out a house in the suburbs. They meet Chuck Mitchell Jr. (John C. McGinley) there, and after some talking, Nick decides to take the house. The family then packs up their things and moves into the house, with Lindsey and Kevin – mostly the former – being against it. However, he didn't get it inspected first and they find mold in the house, so Nick is angry with Chuck as he almost destroys their house. Meanwhile, Lindsey sneaks out to go to a party and when Nick finds out, he grounds her. He finally decides to fire Chuck, which causes Suzanne to take the kids and move into the guest house, with the parting shot, You're the one tearing this family apart, Nick! After taking some time to think, Nick decides to fix the house on his own and also to apologize to Chuck especially when he was told that Chuck lost his wife few years previously. Chuck responds by bringing his friends to help, including Lindsey and Kevin. When Suzanne goes into labor with the hospital half an hour away, Nick, Kevin and Lindsey have to deliver the babies. Chuck tries to get there, but his truck breaks down and he power walks down to the house. While she's still in labor, Nick gets a call from Magic. After Suzanne gives birth to twins boys, the movie ends six months later with a big barbecue in their backyard at which Nick debuts his new magazine titled Are We Done Yet?, based on his experience building the house.
Mr. Nobody	British	drama	Frank Miller	In 2092, humanity has conquered mortality through the endless renewal of cells. The world watches in fascination as the 118-year-old Nemo Nobody, the last mortal on Earth, edges towards death. Curious to know of life before quasi-immortality, they interview Nemo. Dr. Feldheim, a psychiatrist, uses hypnosis to help Nemo recall some of his memories, while Nemo relates other memories to a journalist. As he is prodded, Nemo makes contradictory statements. He recounts his life at three primary points: at age 9, when his parents divorced, at age 15 when he fell in love, and at age 34 as an adult. All three unfold into their many possible outcomes. Nemo explains that before birth, children remember everything that will happen in their lives. At the moment of conception, the Angels of Oblivion erase their memory. The Angels, however, forget about Nemo, allowing him to remember different possible futures for himself. At age 9, at a railway station, he is forced to choose as his mother leaves on a train while his father stays on the platform. In one case, he manages to board the train while in another he stays with his father. A rebellious Nemo lives with his mother and her new partner, Harry, in Montreal. He sees a new girl, Anna, in his school and is immediately smitten. One day on the beach, Anna asks if he would like to swim with her and her friends. Nemo insults her friends and they barely see each other again. In an alternate story line, Nemo admits to Anna he cannot swim; the two spend time together and fall in love. Anna turns out to be Harry's daughter and the two step siblings begin an illicit affair. They pledge their lives to one another. When Harry and Nemo's mother break up, Anna goes to New York with her father, and they lose touch. Years later, Nemo works as a pool cleaner, hoping to run into Anna by chance. They finally see one another at the train station and immediately recognize each other in a crowd of passers-by. After a passionate reunion, Anna announces she is not ready to immediately resume the relationship. She gives him her number, asks him to call her in two days and meet at the lighthouse. However, he loses her number when a sudden downpour makes her note illegible. Nemo waits at the lighthouse every day, but Anna does not come. In a different storyline, Anna and Nemo are married with children. Nemo works at a television studio narrating educational videos. One evening, while returning home, he hits a bird, loses control of his car, plummets into a lake and drowns. Nemo stays with his father, who later becomes disabled. He works in a shop and spends his free time at home at the typewriter, writing a science fiction story about a journey to Mars. At a school dance, he meets Elise and falls in love. A few days later, Nemo goes to Elise's house but sees her with her 22-year-old boyfriend. Frustrated, he speeds away on his motorcycle, has an accident and is hospitalized in a vegetative state. Though he can perceive the world through his senses, Nemo cannot move or speak. He detects his parents' reunion at his bedside. Nemo tries to remember the movement of his fingers on the typewriter keyboard and eventually manages to lift a finger as this story line comes to a close. In yet another alternate timeline, Nemo speaks with Elise at her house, and learns that she is still in love with her boyfriend, Stefano. Nemo does not back down and keeps assuring her of his feelings. Finally, Elise gives in and a few years later, they get married. In one version of the story line, Elise dies in an accident on the return from the wedding. Nemo keeps her ashes, having promised her to spread them on Mars. In a far future, Nemo carries Elise's ash to Mars and spreads them on the planet's surface. Aboard the spacecraft traveling back to Earth, he meets Anna. Before they can say much to each other, the ship is destroyed by meteoroids. In an alternate version of events, he works at the same television studio but his assistant drowns instead. The assistant's widow is Anna, whom he recognizes. Another storyline has Nemo and Elise married with three children. However, their marriage is unhappy as Elise suffers from borderline personality disorder and chronic depression. She has attacks of hysteria and, despite Nemo's attempts to save their marriage, ultimately leaves him to pursue Stefano. Alternatively, after being rejected by Elise, Nemo resolves to marry the first girl who will dance with him at the school prom. That night, he dances with Jeanne. While taking her home, Nemo pledges to marry her and be successful. Despite being successful and having two children, Nemo is unhappy and bored with his life. Nemo writes over all his possessions to Jeanne and leaves his family. Now making all of his decisions randomly via coin toss, he goes to the airport, and pretends to be a passenger named Daniel Jones and is taken to a hotel by a waiting chauffeur. At Jones' hotel room, Nemo is murdered while taking a bath, and his body is dumped in the woods. Running throughout all the many paths his life could take or has taken, the adult Nemo recurringly awakens in a surrealistic world dominated by argyle patterns. This setting seems artificial, like a movie set, and often appears to bleed over into his other lives. Following clues that he finds scattered throughout this city, he ultimately arrives at a crumbling, abandoned wooden-framed house. He stumbles upon a DVD player hooked up to a television screen. In the strangely interactive video, the 118-year-old Nemo converses with the 34-year-old one. He explains that the younger man does not exist. This is a universe where Nemo Nobody was never born, and his consciousness is stuck in some sort of limbo. He states that he is experiencing the story from the end and that he must stay alive until 5:50 AM on 12 February 2092. Before his death, Mr. Nobody tells the journalist that neither of them exist. They are figments in the mind of the 9-year-old Nemo at the train station, as he was forced to make an impossible choice. The young boy tries to find the correct decision, following each choice to its conclusion. Eventually, the boy takes a third option: to not make the choice at all. He leaves both parents and runs away towards an unknown future. This ambiguous choice somehow leads to him and Anna reuniting happily. The film returns to old Nemo on his death bed. The calculated time arrives and Mr. Nobody's last words are watched by the world. The expansion of the universe comes to a halt and time appears to reverse. The universe ceases to dissipate, and finally begins contracting. Consequently, Nemo's life simplifies itself. He is able to return to his childhood, watch his parents get back together and be with Anna. The 118-year-old man cackles triumphantly as he springs back into awareness with the realization that his younger self has finally found his one true love and life.
28 Weeks Later	British	horror	Juan Carlos Fresnadillo	During the original outbreak of the Rage Virus, Don, his wife Alice and four more survivors hide in a barricaded cottage on the outskirts of London. They hear a terrified boy pounding at their door and let him in. A few minutes later, they discover that the infected have followed the boy. The infected attack and kill most of the survivors, while Don, Alice and the boy are chased upstairs. Don pleads with Alice to abandon the boy but she refuses. He abandons them as the infected break into their room by busting out of the window. Don sprints to a nearby motorboat, narrowly escaping after a tussle with a recently turned survivor. After the infected begin to die of starvation, NATO forces take control of Britain. Twenty-eight weeks after the outbreak, an American commanded force, under the command of Brigadier General Stone, brings in settlers. Among the new arrivals are Don and Alice's children, Tammy and Andy, who were out of the country during the outbreak. They are admitted to District One, a safe zone on the Isle of Dogs, guarded by the US Army. Sergeant Doyle, a Delta Force sniper and his friend, Chief Flynn, a helicopter pilot, are amongst the troops guarding the district. Tammy and Andy are reunited with their father, who was found by the US Army and has become the district's caretaker. In their new flat, Don fabricates a lie about the circumstances surrounding their mother's death. That night, Andy dreams about forgetting his mother's face, so Tammy and Andy sneak out of the safe zone and return to their former home, where they collect family photographs and other mementos. To his shock, Andy finds Alice alive and uninfected in a semi-conscious, delirious state. The three are soon discovered by soldiers and taken back to District One. Alice is taken to a quarantine room, where she is tested and found to be an asymptomatic carrier of the rage virus. Don makes an unauthorised visit to Alice in her isolation cell, begging her to forgive him. She accepts his apology and tells him she loves him; when they kiss, Don is infected, savagely kills her and goes on a rampage. General Stone orders the building to be quarantined and orders a Code Red alert in District One. Civilians are herded into safe rooms but despite the precautions, Don breaks into a room full of people and starts a domino effect of rapid infection. The crowd, with half its members infected, breaks out of the safe room and into the streets. Scarlet, a US Army medical officer, rescues Tammy and Andy as the soldiers in District One are ordered to shoot indiscriminately. Doyle, unable to bring himself to comply with the order, abandons his post and escapes with Scarlet, Tammy, Andy and several others through the Greenwich Foot Tunnel. Stone orders District One to be firebombed but large numbers of the infected, including Don, escape the bombardment. Scarlet informs Doyle that the children might hold the key to a cure and must be protected. Flynn arrives by helicopter to pick up Doyle but refuses to take anyone else, as they would be shot down for carrying people who might be infected. Flynn contacts Doyle by radio and tells him leave the civilians and head to Wembley Stadium. Doyle ignores his instructions and escorts Andy, Tammy and Scarlet to Wembley. They break into an abandoned Volvo V70 to escape nerve gas released to kill the infected but are unable to start the car while soldiers with flamethrowers draw near. Doyle exits the car and sacrifices himself by push starting the car and is flamed. Scarlet escapes an Apache gunship and drives Tammy and Andy into the London Underground, where the trio continues on foot. Don ambushes and kills Scarlet, then bites Andy. Tammy shoots Don before he can kill Andy, who remains symptom-free but an unknown carrier of the Rage virus. They continue to the stadium and are picked up by a reluctant Flynn, who flies them across the English Channel to France, as instructed by Doyle. Twenty-eight days later, a French-accented voice requesting help is heard from the radio in Flynn's abandoned helicopter. A group of the infected are then seen running through a tunnel which, as they emerge into the open, is revealed to be the exit of the Paris Métro Trocadéro Station with a view across the Seine to the nearby Eiffel Tower.
City of Hope	American	drama	John Sayles	The film tells the story of Nick Rinaldi (Vincent Spano), who has spent his life in one New Jersey city, getting a free ride from his well-connected father (Tony LoBianco) and hearing the locals talk of his brother's death in Vietnam. As Rinaldi searches for more self-control, he quits the contractor's job provided by his father, feeling that major events are about to happen in his life. By the film's ending, his life will change, as will the lives of many others.
Another Thin Man	American	crime	W. S. Van Dyke	In this adaptation of Dashiell Hammett's The Farewell Murder,[3] Nick (William Powell) and Nora (Myrna Loy) Charles are back in New York with Asta and a new arrival - Nicky Jr. They are invited by Colonel Burr MacFay (C. Aubrey Smith) to spend the weekend at his house on Long Island. McFay, the former business partner of Nora's father, and the administrator of her fortune, desperately wants Nick to put his well-known detective skills to work, as he has been receiving threats from Phil Church (Sheldon Leonard), a very shady character. When MacFay is killed, Church seems to be the obvious suspect. However, Nick is skeptical. He suspects there is something far more complicated going on. MacFay's housekeeper, his adopted daughter, and various hangers-on all may have had an interest in seeking the old man's demise.
Mili	Bollywood	romance	Hrishikesh Mukherjee	Mili (Jaya Bhaduri) is a story about a girl who suffers from pernicious anemia, a disease considered untreatable during the period the film was produced. Her lively, inquisitive and cheerful demeanour spreads happiness in everyone's life. She becomes an inspiration to her new neighbour Shekhar (Amitabh Bachchan) who is a drunkard and always depressed. With her cheerful ways she changes Shekhar and he falls in love with her, unaware of her ailment. When he comes to know about it, he thinks of going away as he cannot bear to see her die. A reproach from a neighbour makes him reconsider his decision. As he loves the girl, he offers to marry her and take her abroad for her treatment. The film begins and ends with a scene of a jet aircraft taking off, ostensibly carrying the couple to Switzerland where they hope to find a cure.
Tahalka	Bollywood	action	Anil Sharma	General Dong (Amrish Puri) is an evil dictator of a kingdom called Dongrila. He has kidnapped dozens of school girls and plans to use them as suicide bombers to bomb populated areas in India. He even puts some girls into the personal harem, pushing the remaining ones into prostitution and trafficks their limbs and organs for money. He is also responsible for murdering the chief of Indian army, General Sinha (Parikshit Sahani). One day, while out for a seaside trip with his daughter, Major Krishna Rao, an officer in the Indian Army, happens to notice an island with his daughter and they find a schoolgirl escaping someone. they try to take her on the boat, but she dies. Then leaving Dolly with his trusted servant, Major Rao himself creeps forward and sees Dong ordering his men to do away with those kids. He calls Dong a clown and other names, and overpowers him, though getting a bullet in his arm in the process. Making all the girls board the two boats, he takes Dong, tied up on board, but then Dong's men come and having kidnapped Dolly, they free Dong from the chamber. Dong warns major Rao to come to Dongrila and rescue his daughter within the next year i.e., 12 months from that very day. He chants an eerie verse and cuts off one of Krishna Rao's legs, thus making him handicapped. Krishna Rao recruits the best Indian army officers Captain Ranvir (Naseeruddin Shah), Captain Rakesh (Aditya Pancholi), Captain Javed (Javed Jaffrey), Captain Anju (Ekta Sohini) and former disgraced Major Dharam Singh (Dharmendra). Then he somehow makes Shammi Kapoor, the second senior general and Mr. Iyer, the committee chairman agree to his plan. They agree on the condition that Krishna' team's victory would be a national victory, but their defeat will be a personal issue. Then Krishna Rao's team starts their journey and they go on a perilous journey between the borders of China and India to rescue Dolly as well as dozens of school girls held in Dong's captivity and destroy Dong's kingdom of Dongrila. While the force five leaves, Major Kapoor is seen betraying their locations to Capt. Synthia, who works for General Dong. Allah Rakha catches Kapoor red handed and reprimands him severely. He expresses his regret that an Indian himself is selling the nation to the enemies. While Allah Rakha tries to finish Kapoor, the latter deceitfully shoots him with a pistol through his blazer pocket and kills him, thus wiping out the first crucial witness. In their journey, they are helped by Jenny, wife of Dongrila's ex-army chief Mr D'Costa, Prince Couv and Julie. It so happens that in the big city hospital, Major Rao contracts gangrene in his left leg and needs to be operated on. But Dong's men surround the hospital and shooting begins. They even cut off the electrical supply so the team decides to obtain a generator from the base room. Rakesh says that they shall have to capture the whole area after killing all these soldiers. Just then Krishna comes there and says that they've already endangered the mission. He asks them to escape by going down a valley that Anju discovered on the other side of the hospital. Dharam Singh says that he will complete the mission here itself and asks major Rao to behave like a commander. But Major Rao chooses him as the next commander and makes him promise to lead the team for making the mission a success. All of them start climbing down the valley as Major Rao gathers all the guns and starts fighting alone. As the team reaches the foot of the valley, Dong's men blast the hospital acting by his orders and by sheer misfortune, Major Rao loses his life in fighting the Dong's Army. Another blow strikes when Julie's brother captain Jello kills the little son of Mrs. D'costa as he catches the child spying on them. It is revealed that the little boy was helping Prince Couv. It is found out that Julie is an informer of Dong's Captain Cynthia. Her identity is disclosed and she is killed by Captain Ranvir. Then, in retaliation, Dong gives execution orders for Cynthia. But, Cynthia is saved by Javed and Rakesh, who is then offered to switch sides. Then, they all attack Dong and kill him. But, lastly Brigadier Kapoor attacks the team and reveals himself as an informer of Dong. But, he is cleverly killed by Major Dharam Singh, saying the famous dialogue of the movie The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, If you want to shoot, shoot, don't talk.
London	Tamil	comedy	Sundar C.	Sivaraman (Prashanth), an easy going young man, comes to London in search of a job. He loses all his certificates. Finds Kadhir (Pandiarajan), wandering in London aimlessly without a job. Now they need job & money. Kadhir persuades Sivaraman to join in a bank robbery planned by Baskar (Manivannan) - his stammering brother Natrajan (Mayilsamy) & Aishwarya (Mumtaj), who is Baskar‘s lover which lands them in more trouble as the robbery ends vainly. Aishwarya informs the police about the robbery & tells that the entire plan was hatched by Baskar. Baskar hides the money before getting arrested & the place is known only to his lawyer - Vedimuthu (Vadivelu). Aishwarya fakes to be in love with Vedimuthu to find where the money is hidden. Meanwhile, to find a safe cover Sivaraman & Kadhir plan to imitate Saravanan, the grandson of rich elderly couple, (Vijayakumar and wife Parvathy (Srividya)). They haven't seen their grandchild since his birth. Sivaraman & Kadhir end up disguising with the body of Kadhir & the voice of Sivaraman to make up for Saravanan in front of the blind couple. Ganesh (Delhi Ganesh), who knows Kadhir before, makes several attempts to expose the truth to the old couple. But all fail to the luck of the Sivaraman & Kadhir. All of a sudden Anjali (Ankitha) arrives in the disguises of lover of Saravanan. She calls on all the relatives of the blind couple. The relatives arrive in the absence of Sivaraman. Finding no-way out Kadhir pretends to have fainted unconscious & he gets admitted to hospital. Sivaraman comes to his rescue & says that he is Dr. Karthikeyan, a friend of Saravanan from America. Amidst their drama, Kadhir tries to steal the statue of Lord Muruga for which he plays a trick to injure the old blind woman which keeps all others out of the house for sometime. Sivaraman engages in a fight with Kadhir when he tries to leave with the statue he had stolen. The old man accuses his relatives for his wife’s accident & asks all his relatives to leave at once. Sivaraman & Kadhir gets desperate. Anjali reveals that she is Saravanan's actual lover & Saravanan died in an accident in America. She had come to intimate this to the old couple. After revealing all this she gives them money & asks them to get out of the house. Sivaraman refuses to take the money & asks Kadhir not to take the money. Kadhir leaves Sivaraman in anger taking the money with him. Sivaraman returns to the old man & confesses all his mistakes. The old man asks them to continue the drama for the sake of his wife Parvathy, who loves her grandson more than her life. Parvathy comes & calls Saravanan but she gets no replies but finally gets hold of Kadhir's arms who has returned in remorse.
Paperback Hero	Australian	comedy	Antony J. Bowman	The film follows the adventures of a truck driver, Jack Willis, from rural Australia after he writes a bestselling novel. Being embarrassed by its romantic content, he uses the name of his female friend as a pen name. When a publisher decides to take the author Ruby Vale on, he is suddenly faced with a problem. He tells his friend that he has used her name, and initially, she wants to tell the publisher the truth. However, Jack and the publisher convince her by telling her that they will organise her wedding, (she is marrying Jack's best friend, Hamish) and so, Ruby is convinced. Ruby and Jack then go to Sydney together, so that she can gain the book some more publicity. On the way, Ruby reads his book and finds that the lead female character is herself, and the main male character, Brian, is Jack. She is significantly touched by his book, even crying when she reads of Brian's death. The next few days go smoothly, although Ruby often voices her opinion that Jack should get the credit for writing such a story. Things turn sour however, when the publisher finds out that Jack is indeed the author, but tells Jack not to let Ruby know. He doesn't, and that night the couple kiss after another publicity event. Hamish comes to Sydney, as he knows that Jack is the author, and tells Ruby, just before she is about to go on a satellite feed through to London, that he will stay for as long as it takes him to have a drink. That, coupled with the eventual knowledge that he knows who the real author is, sends Ruby back to Hamish and back to her rural hometown. Jack does not follow her, instead staying and eventually making up his mind on what to do. While watching the T.V. in the local cafe, she hears Jack's voice on it. She finds that he has let the world know that he is the real author of the novel. Soon after this, Hamish breaks up with her, knowing that she really loves Jack. As Ruby is wiping away the tears and driving home, she sees a plane flying overhead, spelling the words, I love you. She stops her car, and the plane lands in front of her. Jack hops out, and after some gentle sparring of words, they kiss and the story ends.
Thunder in the Sun	American	western	Russell Rouse	The film shows a family of French Basque immigrants pioneering into the Wild West while carrying their ancestral vines. Hard drinking trail driver Lon Bennett is hired to lead them and he falls for the spirited Gabrielle Dauphin. The film is infamous among Basques for its misunderstandings of Basque customs, such as the use of the xistera (a device of the jai alai sport) as a weapon or shouting irrintzi ululations as meaningful communication.[citation needed] Other commentators, though, have noted the well staged action scenes, the absorbing story, and the excellent cinematography. Which is a marvel since 90% of the lead actors scenes were shot in a studio with projected backgrounds.
While I Live	British	drama	John Harlow	In 1922 in Cornwall, a prodigious young pianist and composer Olwen Trevelyan (Audrey Fildes) is struggling with the ending of a piano tone poem she is composing. Driven to complete the piece by her domineering elder sister Julia (Sonia Dresdel), Olwen becomes agitated and despondent, and one night sleepwalks to the edge of a cliff near their home. Julia follows her and shouts her name but Olwen, abruptly awakened, loses her balance and falls to her death on the rocks below. Julia is unable to come to terms with Olwen's death and the guilt of her own role in it, over the years becoming a reclusive, obsessive figure whose main raison d'être is to keep Olwen's memory alive. Olwen's final composition gains her posthumous recognition, and each year on the anniversary of her death it is broadcast on the radio. On the 25th anniversary of Olwen's death, Julia is listening to the broadcast when she hears a frantic knocking at the door and opens it to admit an unknown young woman (Carol Raye), who immediately walks up to the piano and begins expertly playing along with the piece on the radio. The young woman claims to have lost her memory and to have no idea of who she is or how she came to chance upon the isolated house, yet she seems to have a familiarity with the surroundings and the history of the Trevelyan family. Struck by her physical resemblance to Olwen, Julia offers her refuge and, also seeing behavioural traits reminiscent of Olwen, becomes convinced that the woman is the reincarnation of her dead sister. A local faith healer Nehemiah (Tom Walls), who also claims second sight, becomes involved and it seems increasingly as though history is repeating itself, culminating when the young woman too is found standing precariously on the edge of the cliff from which Olwen fell.
Strife with Father	American	animation	Bob McKimson	A buzzard egg is mysteriously delivered to two sparrows, Gwendolyn and Monte. The upper crusty and very proper English Sparrows are not accustomed to having a repulsively ugly (and incredibly stupid) little bird about, but Gwendolyn convinces her husband that the baby bird will grow into a beautiful swan. Unfortunately, as the narrator tells us, the little ugly bird grows into a very large ugly bird. Monte cannot even stand hearing the name of their progeny, particularly when eating. But nonetheless, he takes Beaky out into the world to demonstrate the art of hunting for prey, such as barnyard fowl. Of course Beaky, being incredibly shy and inept, repeatedly causes many grievous injuries to Monte, and it is all Monte can do to salvage what little self-respect remains.
Sabotage	American	action	David Ayer	John Breacher Wharton is the leader of the Drug Enforcement Administration's Special Operations Team, which consists of James Monster Murray, Monster's wife Lizzy Murray, Joe Grinder Philips, Julius Sugar Edmonds, Eddie Neck Jordan, Tom Pyro Roberts, Bryce Tripod McNeely and Smoke Jennings. During a raid on a cartel warehouse, Smoke is killed, the team steals $10 million and hides it in the sewer while blowing up the rest to cover their tracks. The money disappears, and their superior Floyd Demel suspends them while the DEA investigates the team for the theft. After several months without any confessions or evidence of their participation, the team is reinstated. Pyro is killed after an unidentified stranger tows his trailer onto a railroad crossing while he is unconscious and is rammed by a train before he can escape. Atlanta Police homicide detective Caroline Brentwood and her partner Darius Jackson are assigned to the case and interrogate Pyro's teammates. Brentwood notes Neck is aggressively avoiding interrogation, and Breacher accompanies her to Neck's house, hopeful he will cooperate. When they arrive, they find him nailed to the ceiling and disemboweled. Brentwood recognizes the execution as the modus operandi of the cartels, leading Breacher to assume the cartel is hunting the team over the stolen money. Breacher and Brentwood visit Tripod, who left the DEA after being suspended, and find him dead after a shootout in which he killed an assailant Breacher identified as a cartel enforcer. Monster later visits Brentwood, who is suspicious of Breacher. Monster tells her that Breacher's family was kidnapped by the cartels, who videotaped their murders and later sent the tape to Breacher along with the severed body parts of his wife and son. Breacher spent months searching for his family's killers before the team convinced him to move on. Brentwood apologizes to Breacher, and they have sex. Jackson traces the dead enforcer's cellphone to a cartel safe house, which is raided by Breacher and his team, but the enforcers are not there. They are later found dead at the bottom of a river near Tripod's house, and Detective Brentwood realizes that they were killed before Pyro and Neck, meaning someone is framing the cartel for killing their team members. Breacher reunites the team to tell them what happened, and Lizzy lashes out and reveals she's been having an affair with Sugar. Grinder confides in Brentwood that they stole the money. Breacher and Brentwood meet with Grinder in a local restaurant and Lizzy kills Grinder using a sniper rifle. Lizzy and Sugar have been behind the murders of their teammates. Lizzy is putting together her gear to leave the country with Sugar when Monster figures out she's behind the murders. He destroys Lizzy's passport to prevent her from leaving the country, and Lizzy attacks him with a knife, killing him. Breacher and Brentwood go to Lizzy's house and find Monster's body stuffed in a refrigerator. Lizzy calls Breacher, pretending to be alone, and arranges a meeting at a parking garage. Breacher goes there with Detective Brentwood, who ducks down in the car, unseen. Lizzy and Sugar ambush Breacher, and Brentwood assists Breacher. Lizzy and Sugar drive away, pursued by Breacher and Brentwood. After a lengthy chase, Sugar and Lizzy's car crashes into a tow truck, the ramp decapitating Sugar. Breacher and Brentwood confront a dying Lizzy, who accuses the team of stealing the money behind her back, motivating her to seek revenge. Brentwood is puzzled, assuming Lizzy had stolen the money. Breacher tells the dying Lizzy that he took the money. Lizzy tries to reach for her weapon and Breacher kills her. The local cops arrive and Breacher disappears. Weeks later, Breacher is in Mexico, where he uses the stolen money to bribe a corrupt police official into helping him identify Brujo, the man who murdered his family. Breacher finds him in a Mexican bar and kills him and others loyal to him in a shootout and he is shot in the chest. Breacher sits at a table, takes a shot of whiskey, lights up one last cigar and smiles as he hears the sirens.
Devil Inside, TheThe Devil Inside	American	horror	William Brent Bell	On October 30, 1989, Maria Rossi (Suzan Crowley) committed a triple murder during an exorcism performed on her. The Catholic Church became involved, and she has since been in a Catholic psychiatric hospital in Rome. A news story and police investigation show the three members of the clergy whom she murdered. Her daughter, Isabella, learned of the murders from her father, who died three days after telling her. Twenty years later, Isabella (Fernanda Andrade) is in the process of filming a documentary about exorcisms and, to find out more about her mother, she visits a school in Rome. She meets two priests, Ben (Simon Quarterman) and David (Evan Helmuth), who take her with them on an exorcism performed on Rosalita (Bonnie Morgan). They bring along medical equipment to determine if it's possession or mental illness. Rosalita attacks the crew after spouting out obscene remarks in different languages and accents. She calls Isabella by her name, despite not knowing her. Eventually, they get her under control. When Isabella goes to visit her mother, Maria, in the asylum, she finds that her mother speaks in different accents and has paintings all over the walls. Maria then soils herself while screaming a weird language. She has inverted crosses carved into her arms and her bottom lip. Maria tells Isabella that killing a child is against God's will. Isabella tells David and Ben that she had an abortion years ago and her mother had no way of knowing that—another sign that showed possible possession. As the crew prepares to perform an exorcism/analysis on Maria, David worries about losing his job, since the Church does not authorize exorcisms without undeniable proof that the patient is indeed possessed. During the procedure, Maria mentions knowing what Ben did in the past. After analyzing the data from the video and audio files, they present the evidence to the Church. David shows many signs of stress, as Ben plays the audio files over and over. Ben finds that there are four different demons speaking in unison. David is to perform a baptism at his church, in which Michael tags along to record. When he holds the baby to start the immersion baptism, he mutters some lines from the Bible and starts forcefully submerging the baby in the holy water. The crowd rush up to save the baby as he passes out. Soon after, Ben finds David at home with blood all over his forearms, much the way Maria was during the exorcism. The police arrive, and David acquires an officer's handgun and holds it in his mouth. Ben tells him to fight it, but he begins to weep, reciting the Lord's Prayer, and forgets the last few words. He laughs and shoots himself. Isabella begins having a seizure. Ben hysterically comes to the realization that Isabella is possessed. Ben and Michael leave with Isabella in a car, heading to get help for a potential exorcism. While Michael drives, Isabella speaks of also knowing the horrible act Ben committed, scaring Ben. She then tries to strangle Michael and breathes into his mouth. He instantly shows signs of possession, and acceleration can be heard as Michael speeds into oncoming traffic. The camera goes black, and cuts in with short sequences of chaos, most likely of Michael, Isabella and Ben flying through their car windshield. Before the credits start rolling, a title card is shown informing that the case of the Rossi family is still unresolved, followed by another title card directing viewers to a website for more information on the ongoing investigation.
Caesar and Cleopatra	British	drama	Gabriel Pascal	In this philosophical coming-of-age film, an aging Julius Caesar takes possession of the Egyptian capital city of Alexandria, and tries to resolve a feud between young Princess Cleopatra and her younger brother Ptolemy. During the resulting sometimes-murderous court intrigues, Caesar develops a special relationship with Cleopatra, and teaches her how to use her royal power.
Secret of the Sultan	Turkish	action	Ömer Erbil	An American professor travels to Istanbul to find a mysterious century-old chest built by Sultan Abdülhamid II, which he believes is relevant to the present political power games over oil. His search leads him discover long-forgotten underground cloisters at Topkapı Palace, now the Topkapı Museum, where he confronts a patriotic museum curator and the Turkish intelligence. Conspiracies going back to the Gulf Wars, the Iran-Iraq War, World War I, and as far as the final years of the Ottoman Empire are revealed in the course of his investigation.
Blood on the Arrow	American	western	Sidney Salkow	A U.S. Cavalry patrol including prisoner Wade Cooper (Dale Robertson) is ambushed as they are crossing the territory of Arizona by the Coyotero, a savage Indian tribe of the Apache nation. All are killed except Cooper who is left for dead. He wanders across the wasteland and is found near collapse by Nancy Mailer (Martha Hyer) who brings him to the Trading Post run by her husband, Clint Mailer (Wendell Corey). Mailer recognized Cooper as a hunted man with a price on his head, and refuses to assist in his recovery from wounds until his wife convinces him that he will die unless given medical attention. Mailer who has discovered a rich vein of gold and is resolved to go to any length to protect his find, is now blind with suspicion, both over the gold and jealousy of his wife, with Cooper at the Post. As the tensions mount amongst the three, a Coyotero raid traps them and takes Mailers son, Tim (Dandy Curran) and holds him as hostage with the understanding that Mailer will deliver hundreds of rifles within seven days to the Indians for their continued warfare against the white man. Clint Mailer leaves to get the rifles and in the interim, Cooper and Nancy Mailer are drawn closer together with the revelation that Tim is not the son of Mailer. Mailer returns without rifles. Cooper then executes a plan involving the stealing of the rifles from the army post, placing them in the gold mine carefully leaving the mine booby trapped. The mine is blown up as the Indians approach it, Tim is rescued, Cooper and Nancy escape and set out to start a new life with Tim.
Khoka 420	Bengali	romance	Rajib Biswas	In this story Krish (played by Dev) is the hero and Bhoomi (played by Subhashree Ganguly) is the leading heroine.[3] Krish is the son of a rich man. Krish (has love interest in Megha (Nusrat Jahan). Megha also loves Krish a.k.a. Krishna. Their relationship goes fine until Megha meets Bhoomi (Subhashree Ganguly) and they become best friends. Bhoomi tells her best friend Megha about his rowdy and tough cousin who her family wants her to get married to but she does not want to marry. Megha gets worried about her friend and tells the problem to her boyfriend, Krish. Megha makes Bhoomi meet Krish and tells Krish to act as if Krish is Bhoomi's boyfriend and let Bhoomi's family know that Bhoomi is in a relationship with Krish. Krish does not agree at first but later agrees to help out Bhoomi. In the meantime, Bhoomi fall in love with Krish in reality. Krish also gets close to Bhoomi. Later, one day Krish gets to know that Megha and Bhoomi's fathers are step-brothers and they have a family rivalry between them from ages. Krish meets the two brothers' father (Haradhan Bandopadhyay) and gets to know why they have the rivalry and also gets to know that grandfather wants them to be together again. The grandfather gives the responsibility to Krish to get the two families together again and if he is successful he will get the hand in marriage of Megha or Bhoomi – whomever he is in love with. Krish falls in a big problem as he is not interested in all this family rivalry. But later he decides to get the family together. In the meantime, Megha gets the wrong idea that Krish and Bhoomi are cheating her and Krish is in love with Bhoomi and not her. Due to the untimely death of Late Shri Haradhan Bandopadhay, the climax of the movie was changed which made it different from the original story of Brindavanam where Krish marries Bhoomi as Megha explained.
Gun Smugglers	American	western	Frank McDonald	A ranger tracks down agents who steal weapons from the army and sell them to a foreign power.
Anesthesia	American	drama	Tim Blake Nelson	Philosophy professor Walter Zarrow is wounded during a mugging. In an effort to escape he rings buzzers indiscriminately, waking Sam, a middle-aged father of two having an affair in the city. Sam reluctantly answers Zarrow's pleas, and Zarrow loses consciousness in his arms. Through an exploration of why these men, along with the mugger, and an addict named Joe, come together, we explore New York City. The experience of Zarrow, Sam, Joe and Zarrow's assailant ripple quickly out to include the connected lives of a housewife struggling with alcoholism, a stoner teen desperate to lose his virginity, a brilliant but failed writer fighting addiction, two parents confronting the prospect of terminal illness, and a brilliant grad student who harms herself to feel alive.
Mr. Perrin and Mr. Traill	British	drama	Lawrence Huntington	An elderly schoolmaster is upset when a new, younger teacher arrives at the school proving extremely popular with the students. Their rivalry is eventually driven to a tragic conclusion.[1]
The Last Page	British	crime	Terence Fisher	Bookstore manager John Harman (Brent) reprimands his attractive young clerk Ruby Bruce (Dors) for being late to work. Later the same day Ruby catches small-time crook Jeff Hart (Reynolds) trying to steal a rare book. Instead of turning him in she accepts a date with him. When Harman later tries to kiss Ruby she tells Hart who forces Ruby to blackmail Harman. When he refuses to pay off, Jeff tells Ruby to write a letter to Harman's sick wife, which causes her death from a heart attack. Dazed by the tragedy, Harman gives Ruby £300 when she renews her demands. Jeff catches Ruby hiding part of the money, kills her and hides her body in a packing case. Harman discovers Ruby's body and, thinking he will be accused, flees in panic. He enlists the help of his secretary Stella (Chapman) who helps him hunt for clues. When Stella stumbles on Hart alone she is nearly killed by him but Harman arrives in time to save her. The police arrest Hart.
Sardari Begum	Bollywood	drama	Shyam Benegal	The police are called to investigate the death of a woman during a riot in the walled city of Delhi.[2] She was killed by a stone thrown by an agitated mob. The woman killed is known in the community as Sardari Begum (Kiron Kher), a popular singer and courtesan. The religious nature of the incident and the impending elections combine to attract the media's attention. When a young reporter covering the funeral, Tehzeeb Abbasi (Rajina Raj Bisaria), discovers her father among the mourners, her curiosity prompts her to investigate further. Then comes the revelation that the singer was in fact her aunt, who was disowned by her family for rebelliously learning music from a concubine.
Cameron's Closet	American	horror	Armand Mastroianni	10-year-old Cameron Lansing (Scott Curtis) is an introverted, solitary boy with psychic abilities who lives with his father, Owen Lansing (Tab Hunter), a research scientist. Owen has subjected Cameron to intense psychological testing from a young age in an effort to unbury the hidden powers of the human mind. During a series of mysterious and bizarre circumstances in their rural house one night, Owen is decapitated by a machete, yet the authorities can find no evidence of foul play and rule it out as an accidental death believing he simply fell on it. Cameron goes to live with his mother Dory Lansing (Kim Lankford) and her obnoxious actor boyfriend Bob Froelich (Gary Hudson) in Los Angeles. Both Dory and Bob are unaware of Cameron's paranormal abilities. Sergeant Sam Taliaferro (Cotter Smith) of the Homicide Division of the LAPD has sleeping trouble and a recurring nightmare which is affecting his work. Taliaferro's partner, Detective Pete Groom (Leigh McCloskey) complains about Taliaferro's frequent bouts of absent-mindedness in the line of duty caused his lack of sleep, and so Taliaferro is ordered to go see a psychiatrist who works with the department, Dr. Nora Haley (Mel Harris). When Bob Froelich is horrifically murdered in Cameron's room, having been thrown out of the second-floor window with his eyes burnt out of the sockets, Sam Taliaferro, Pete Groom and Nora Haley are put on the case. As they investigate the perplexing case, Taliaferro befriends Cameron and realizes that deaths are occurring always around the boy, and that his nightmares seem to be linked to the boy. Under her counselling sessions Nora Haley also realizes that the boy has paranormal abilities, even being able to foresee future events. It also becomes apparent to Taliaferro that whatever Cameron concentrates on hard enough or focuses on is manifesting itself into reality. Cameron plays an imaginative game with a figurine his father gave to him he calls the Deceptor, actually an ancient figure of a Mayan demonic entity said to be terrible beyond description in Owen Lansing's texts. Cameron's imagination makes the creature real and it takes up residence in Cameron's bedroom closet. Soon, numerous inexplicable and gruesome deaths are occurring around the closet in Cameron's room, and people who have already died seem to be mysteriously reappearing in an undead state. Bob Froelich is horrifyingly resurrected in Cameron's closet and murders Detective Pete Groom when he looks inside the closet. Taliaferro and Haley seek out Owen Lansing's assistant, Professor Ben Majors (Chuck McCann) at his home in the woods, where they learn the truth about Cameron. Taliaferro is stalked through the woods by Pete Groom's ghost, who warns him that the evil is out of the closet now. The demons soon wish to destroy Cameron, thus severing their link to limbo and sealing them within reality and in our world. Majors kidnaps Cameron and takes him back to Cameron's house where Majors is then murdered by the demon, his blood boiling in his veins. Only Sam Taliaferro and Nora Haley are able to protect Cameron. Cameron goes back to his room to face the demon in the closet once and for all and destroy it before Cameron loses his powers to it.
Deewaar	Bollywood	drama	Yash Chopra	The film opens with a depiction of the strong leadership of trade unionist Anand Verma (Satyen Kappu), who works hard to enhance the lives of struggling laborers. He lives in a modest home with his wife, Sumitra Devi (Nirupa Roy), and their two young sons, Vijay (Amitabh Bachchan), and Ravi (Shashi Kapoor). Anand, however, is blackmailed by a corrupt businessman who threatens to kill his family if Anand does not cease his protest activities. Forced into compliance, Anand is thus attacked by the very same laborers who then jeer him for his betrayal, unaware that he was blackmailed. His family is also persecuted by the angry workers. Out of shame, Anand leaves town, leaving Sumitra to care for their sons alone in poverty. Several of the angry workers kidnap Vijay and tattoo his arm with the Hindi words मेरा बाप चोर है merā bāp chor hai (my father is a thief). Not knowing what else to do, Sumitra brings her children to Bombay and struggles as a day laborer to care for her now homeless sons. Vijay, the older brother, grows up with an acute awareness of his father's failure and is victimized for his father's supposed misdeeds. In the process of fighting for his rights, Vijay, who starts out as a boot polisher, was a dockyard worker in his youth, now becomes a smuggler for the underworld. Vijay beats up several thugs working for their ruthless leader Samant (Madan Puri), which then influences one of Samant's rivals to bring Vijay to his inner circle, leaving Vijay to become a new leading figure of the underworld. He also sacrifices his own education so his brother Ravi can study. Ravi is an excellent student. He is dating Veera (Neetu Singh), the daughter of a senior police officer. On the Commissioner's suggestion, Ravi applies for employment with the police, and is sent for training. Several months later, he is accepted by the police, and has a rank of Sub-Inspector. When Ravi returns home, he finds that Vijay has become a businessman overnight, has accumulated wealth, and a palatial home. One of his first assignments is to apprehend and arrest some of Bombay's hardcore criminals and smugglers which includes his brother, Vijay – much to his shock, as he had never associated his own brother with criminal activities. Ravi must now decide between apprehending Vijay and quitting the police force. When Ravi finds out that Vijay has acquired wealth by crime, he decides to move out along with his mother. Shouldering past the loss of his mother and sibling, Vijay enters a sexual relationship with Anita (Parveen Babi), a woman whom he meets at a bar. When Anita falls pregnant, Vijay decides to abandon his life in the underworld, marry her, and confess his sins. He also hopes to seek forgiveness from his mother and brother. However, when Anita is brutally murdered by Samant, Vijay loses all sense and brutally murders Samant in revenge for Anita's death, leading him to be branded a criminal forever. Their mother, who had sided with Ravi despite the fact that Vijay was her favourite, is tormented by Vijay's decisions and rejects him. When the two brothers meet for a final clash, Ravi, pleading Vijay to stop running, shoots Vijay in his arm and Vijay dies (after crashing his car into a wall while trying to escape) in his mother's arms in a temple, seeking forgiveness. Ravi is felicitated for pursuing justice.
Spy Kids 2: The Island of Lost Dreams	American	action	Robert Rodriguez	The OSS now has a full child spy section, of which 13-year-old Carmen Cortez and 10-year-old Juni Cortez have become agents. Even though they were the first of the new Spy Kids Division, they were not considered the top spy kids[5], and soon they face particularly difficult competition with Gary and Gerti Giggles, the children of double-dealing agent Donnagon Giggles, whom Carmen and Juni helped to rescue in the previous film. It is shown that Carmen defends Gary, and has a crush on him, which strains her relationship with Juni. After an incident at a local amusement park owned by Dinky Winks where the President's daughter Alexandra deliberately sabotages a thrill ride which juggles its passenger, forcing the Giggles and the Cortez kids to compete in the rescue. Donnagon, who has somehow hacked into the teleprompter which the President was reading from, is named the director of the OSS. Juni is fired after being framed by Gary (who was actually to blame) for losing the Transmooker, a highly coveted device which can shut off all electronic devices. In his new position as director, Donnagon can carry on with his plan to steal the Transmooker, so he can rule the world. Carmen manages to hack into the database, and reinstates Juni's level as an agent. She and Juni use some hints from Alexander Minion, and follow the trail to a mysterious island near Madagascar, which is home to Romero, a lunatic scientist. Romero has been attempting to create genetically-miniaturized animals, so he can make a profit by selling the animals to kids in miniature zoos. He had an experiment go wrong after accidentally pouring growth concoction onto the mutated set of animals, as a result, he is unwilling to leave his lab, out of fear of being eaten. When Carmen is captured by a Spork, a breed of flying pigs, she meets Gerti, who reveals to her that Gary is actually evil. Carmen changes her feelings for Gary after he tries to kill Juni, and she sides with her brother. Meanwhile, Romero finds out that his creatures are much friendlier than he thought. After fighting pirate skeletons (that came alive after Juni stole a necklace from them), Carmen and Juni, along with the help of their family (who came to the island when they heard their kids were missing), Gerti, Romero and his creatures, destroy the Transmooker, and defeat Donnagon and Gary. Afterwards, Gregorio and Donnagon fight each other, as Gregorio put it, the old-fashioned way. Donnagon is fired by the President and his daughter; Gary is temporarily disavowed, and Gregorio is appointed director of the OSS by Alexandra on her father's behalf, while Juni resigns due to the impersonal treatment he had received by agents of the OSS, after being framed. As the Cortez family leaves the island, Romero gives Juni a miniature spider-monkey as a gift, and all the island's inhabitants bid farewell to the Cortez family. During the credits, Machete has Carmen sing as an undercover pop star in a concert. Carmen says she cannot sing so Machete gives her a microphone which auto-tunes her voice, and a belt that helps her dance. He also gives Juni a guitar that plays itself. After the performance, Carmen asks Machete, What, are you surprised your gadgets work? Machete then tells Carmen, I just realized, I never put any batteries in this. Carmen is shocked to find out she can, in fact, sing without auto-tune. As the credits come to a close, Dinky Winks paddles to Romero's island to strike up a business deal.
Stagecoach to Fury	American	western	William Claxton	A stagecoach with a mixed group of passenger en route to the town of Fury makes a stop at a layover. Upon arrival the passengers are held up by Lorenzo Garcia and his gang of bandidos capture and disarm the passengers, shooting one when he stops to raise his fallen trousers when he puts his hands up. The two staff of the coaching stop are missing presumed murdered. Garcia questions former Army captain Frank Townsend, now riding shotgun on the stagecoach on the location of the Federal Government gold shipment they expected to be carried by the stagecoach. After Garcia shoots and wounds Tim O'Connor the driver to encourage information, Townsend reveals that the stagecoach was to remain at the layover until a wagon containing the gold shipment would arrive and transfer the cargo to the stage. Garcia holds the prisoners as his band awaits the gold shipment. Among the surviving passengers are young gunslinger Ralph Slader, who the bandidos are eager to have a gunfight with, a cowardly judge escaping from the vengenace of criminals, a scheming woman who has arranged to rob and murder her husband and Townsend's fiancee. Though Garcia explains the passengers will remain safe if they follow his orders, Townsend feels that Garcia would not any witnesses to his robbery to be left alive.
Whoever Slew Auntie Roo?	British	horror	Curtis Harrington	Mrs. Rosie Forrest, a.k.a. Auntie Roo, in the eyes of the staff and children at an orphanage, is a sweet, kind-mannered and children-loving widow, who throws a lavish annual Christmas party at her mansion, Forrest Grange (known to the orphans as the Gingerbread House) for ten of the best-mannered children at the orphanage. But secretly, she is a demented, sad and miserable woman who keeps the mummified remains of her daughter Katharine in a nursery room in the attic, singing lullabies to her and trying to contact her spirit with the assistance of (phony) psychic Mr. Benton. He fools Forrest into believing that the voice of Clarine, one of the servants, during the fake séances is that of Katharine. Christopher and Katy Coombs are an orphaned brother and sister. Christopher has a wild imagination, telling stories about dragons and witches that frighten the other orphans. When he and his sister are not included in the list of ten orphans for the Christmas party at Auntie Roo's mansion, he and Katy sneak into the car of Inspector Willoughby, who transfers the orphans to Forrest Grange, and are warmly welcomed by Auntie Roo. Auntie Roo is surprised to see the resemblance of her daughter Katharine to Katy and becomes more and more focused on her. Katy is missing as the party ends and the other orphans leave. Auntie Roo promises to find her and send her back. Christopher realizes that Katy is not just missing, but was kidnapped by Auntie Roo. Meanwhile, Albie, the young, sadistic butler, discovers that Auntie Roo has Katy locked in the nursery room. He blackmails her into giving him £2,000 by threatening to reveal her secret to the police unless she pays to keep him quiet. After this, he and Clarine depart from the mansion and leave her alone with Katy. When no one believes Christopher about seeing Auntie Roo singing lullabies to the mummified Katharine, or that Katy has really been abducted, he runs away to the mansion but ends up trapped inside too. Auntie Roo wants to replace Katy for Katharine, but in Christopher's mind, he thinks Auntie Roo is really a witch wanting to devour him and his sister. Auntie Roo prepares a dinner for the New Year's coming, while Christopher assists her. He steals the key to the nursery room. After Christopher frees Katy, Auntie Roo chases them to the kitchen where Christopher tries to protect them with a knife. Knocking it from his hand with a piece of wood, Auntie Roo corners them in the pantry and locks the door. Auntie Roo hears in her mind her daughter shouting for her and runs to her coffin in the attic. When she tries to touch the corpse's face, it disintegrates to dust. Auntie Roo returns to the kitchen in a highly agitated state yelling I have nothing, I have nothing. She turns the hour glass over to time her cooking and starts chopping potatoes with a large cleaver. She then hears the children from the pantry calling to her to let them out, but she resists listening to them. Katy then says Please, mommy, touching the heart of Auntie Roo. Completely lost in her delusions she opens the door to embrace Katy (Katharine). Christopher knocks things from the high shelf, causing Auntie Roo to fall. The children lock the door but Auntie Roo begins hacking at it with a cleaver. Christopher and Katy place the firewood he had been fetching at the door and set it on fire with paraffin (kerosene). Smashing through parts of the door with the cleaver, Auntie Roo sees the fire and it comes into the pantry, surrounding her. Auntie Roo, deep in her psychosis, falls in a corner. The children emerge from the smoked-filled building, carrying the almost-forgotten teddy bear that belonged to Katharine (in which Katy and Christopher have placed all of Auntie Roo's jewellery), while Auntie Roo, surrounded by fire, shouts at Katy to come back to her. Outside, the orphans meet Auntie Roo's butcher, Mr. Harrison, who is delivering a whole piglet by horse-cart. He sees the smoke inside and drives off to call the fire brigade. Katy realizes she was to cook the pig, but Christopher says they were to be eaten after it. When he leaves, Christopher quips, Bloody good fire, while inside, the whole cellar goes up in flames. The fire brigade arrives and puts out the fire but are unable to rescue Auntie Roo. Inspector Willoughby will take the children back to the orphanage. Still outside Auntie Roo's mansion, Dr. Mason comments Poor little devils, they'll probably have nightmares till the day they die. Christopher and Katy smile at each other, departing from the burned mansion, with Christopher ending the tale by saying Hansel and Gretel knew that the wicked witch could not harm anyone else and they were happy. They also knew that with the wicked witch's treasure they would not be hungry again. So they lived happily ever after.
Brahmasthram ( ബ്രഹ്മാസ്ത്രം )	Malayalam	action	V.Somanath	Brahmasthram tells the story of a boatman, whose only daughter Sindhu is the victim of ragging and rape by some rich recalcitrant students in medical college. No one supports Sindhu as the culprits are from very rich families. Due to pressure from Sindhu and her father, Superintendent of Police Indrajith is appointed to investigate the case. How he wins the case in court forms the rest of the film.[2]
The Blue Parrot	British	crime	John Harlow	A murder is committed in Soho night club The Blue Parrot, and the British nightclub owner and her boyfriend are chased by police for a crime they did not commit. [3]
Soul on a String	Chinese	drama	Zhang Yang	Tabei (塔贝) is a hunter who had killed countless animals. Once, when he hunting a deer, he is killed by lightning. But is isn't long before that he is saved by the Gautama Buddha, who orders him to escort a treasure to a holy land of Tibetan place named Zhangwendi.
Holud Pakhir Dana	Bengali	drama	Kanoj Das	Riju (Dibyendu Mukherjee) is a doctor who was severely harmed when he got hit by a car. The car belonged to Saheli (Rimjhim Gupta), who is also a doctor. Saheli then tried to nurse Riju so that he came back to his health. She kept Riju at her residence for a period and as days passed, they fell in love. When Riju returned home, he discovered that his mother (Anuradha Ray) had died. He then went to Mathurapur when a doctor called him from there to inform him that a lot of villagers were ill due to consumption of spurious liquor. On the other hand, one day, Saheli came to know that she had cancer and she went to the Painless Life Centre and stayed there. Riju tried to find out the whereabouts of Saheli one day since they had not been in touch for a very long time. He landed up at the Centre one day and took Saheli back home as he wanted her to be by his side during her last days. She died after a few days.[1]
Stormy Monday	American	drama	Mike Figgis	The film opens on a young man, Brendan (Sean Bean), looking for work. He circles an ad seeking a cleaner for heavy, night work at the Key Club owned by Finney (Sting). Before he can answer the ad, he meets cute with an American woman, Kate (Melanie Griffith). Their paths later cross at a hotel where the Krakow Jazz Ensemble is busy checking in for their stay. When Brendan meets Finney, the club owner is uninterested in Brendan until they discover a shared love of jazz. After getting the job, Brendan orders dinner at a restaurant when he is surprised to see that his waitress is Kate. She recommends the steak, and as he waits for his meal, he overhears two men talking about buying Finney out of his club. They make it clear that they are willing to kill Finney to get their way. Brendan asks Kate out on a date, which he interrupts to seek out Finney. Brendan tells Finney, who is with his mistress, that he needs to speak with him. Finney asks him to come to his house the next day. Brendan and Kate spend a sexless night together. In the morning, Brendan meets Finney's wife at his house, and explains to Finney about the threat to his life. At the Key Club, Finney is ready for the gangsters. He overpowers them with his own men, and breaks the arm of the heavy (James Cosmo) with the implements that were intended to break his own arm. Back at the hotel, Cosmo (Tommy Lee Jones), a corrupt businessman, is the guest of honor at America Week, which is meant to secure development deals for the city. The Polish band is enlisted at the last minute to sub in for the originally scheduled band. Meanwhile, Kate is at the event in the company of a corpulent executive who makes sexual advances on her. In the climax to the film, Cosmo reveals himself as the real force behind the goons trying to muscle Finney out of his club. He also makes it clear to Brendan that he hires Kate from time to time to work as a prostitute to secure business deals. Finney stands his ground and scares off Cosmo.
The Son of Frankenstein	American	horror	Rowland V. Lee	Baron Wolf von Frankenstein (Basil Rathbone), son of Henry Frankenstein, relocates his wife Elsa (Josephine Hutchinson) and their young son Peter (Donnie Dunagan) to the family castle. Wolf wants to redeem his father's reputation, but finds that such a feat will be harder than he thought after he encounters hostility from the villagers, who resent him for the destruction his father's monster wreaked years before. Aside from his family, Wolf's only friend is the local policeman Inspector Krogh (Lionel Atwill) who bears an artificial arm, his real arm having been ripped out by the roots in an encounter with the Monster as a child. While investigating his father's castle, Wolf meets Ygor (Bela Lugosi), a demented blacksmith who has survived a hanging for graverobbing and has a deformed neck as a result. Wolf finds the Monster's comatose body in the crypt where his grandfather and father were buried; his father's sarcophagus bears the phrase Henrich von Frankenstein: Maker of Monsters written in chalk. He decides to revive the Monster to prove his father was right, and to restore honor to his family. Wolf uses the torch to scratch out the word Monsters on the casket and write Men beside it. When the Monster (Boris Karloff) is revived, it only responds to Ygor's commands and commits a series of murders; the victims were all jurors at Ygor's trial. Wolf discovers this and confronts Ygor. Wolf shoots Ygor and apparently kills him. The Monster abducts Wolf's son as revenge, but cannot bring himself to kill the child. Krogh and Wolf pursue the Monster to the nearby laboratory, where a struggle ensues, during which the Monster tears out Krogh's false arm. Wolf swings on a rope and knocks the Monster into a molten sulphur pit under the laboratory, saving his son. Wolf leaves the keys to Frankenstein's Castle to the villagers. The film ends with the village turning out to cheer the Frankenstein family as they leave by train.
Nothing Personal	British	drama	Thaddeus O'Sullivan	In 1975 Belfast, the Troubles is in full effect, erupting into violence once again when a Protestant bar is bombed by rival Catholics, and several people are killed. Only hours later, Protestant fighters Kenny (James Frain) and Ginger (Ian Hart) retaliate by killing a Catholic, starting a full-scale riot. Meanwhile, Liam (John Lynch), a Catholic single father, attempts to help the victims of the fighting, but soon finds himself on the wrong side of the Protestant-Catholic divide.
 Never Back Down	American	action	Jeff Wadlow	Jake Tyler (Sean Faris) has recently moved from Iowa to Orlando, Florida with his mother, Margret (Leslie Hope), and younger brother, Charlie (Wyatt Smith), to support Charlie's shot at a professional tennis career. Jake was a star athlete on the football team at home, but in this new city, he is an outsider with a reputation for being a quick tempered brawler after an internet video of him starting a fight at one of his football games after a frustrated player from the opposing team taunted Jake about his father, who died in a drunk driving accident, circulates around his new school. Making an attempt to fit in, at the invitation of a flirtatious classmate, Baja Miller (Amber Heard), Jake goes to a party where he is unwillingly pulled into a fight with the fighting MMA champion at the school, Ryan McCarthy (Cam Gigandet). Originally, Jake does not wish to fight until Ryan taunts him about his father who died while driving drunk with Jake in the car. Jake is brutally defeated in the fight, causing Jake to feel depressed. But a classmate, Max Cooperman (Evan Peters), who later becomes one of his best friends, introduces himself to Jake and tells him about the sport known as Mixed Martial Arts. He sees a star in Jake and asks that he meet with Martial Arts Master Jean Roqua (Djimon Hounsou). It is immediately apparent to Jake that MMA is not street fighting, but rather an art form he wants to master. Roqua agrees to take Jake as a pupil, but under the condition that Jake refrains from fighting outside of the gym which Jake agrees to, despite knowing he wishes to confront Ryan anyway. Baja attempts to apologize to Jake, but he does not sympathize with her and refuses to forgive her. Baja then confronts Ryan about the fight with Jake and proceeds to end their relationship when Ryan shows no remorse for the beating he gave him or his sadistic tendencies. Ryan begins to create a scene before the entire school but Jake tries to step in to defend Baja. After Ryan insults him again and leaves, Jake attends training with Roqua. Still angry about the incident, he is unable to calm down and train effectively. Roqua asks Jake to leave so that he could cool off. After he and Max leave the gym, Jake gets into a brawl with a group of guys in a Hummer whom Jake easily disposes of while Max films. This video again circulates around the school raising Jake's social status but agitating Ryan in the process. Ryan then proceeds to challenge Jake to compete in the Beatdown, an underground fighting tournament of which Ryan is the reigning champion. After having been banished from the gym by Roqua after his fight is discovered, Jake begs for forgiveness saying his anger is quelled when he is training with Roqua. Roqua agrees to allow Jake to train at his gym again, but does not take it easy on him anymore. He then prepares to compete in the Beatdown. While training with Roqua, Jake inquires why he lives in the gym. Jake discovers that Roqua is from Brazil and he is in exile because he believes he is the reason his brother, Joseph the favorite son, was killed and his father had disowned him for. Jake apologizes to Baja for not listening when she first apologized and the two proceed to begin a relationship. Upon hearing that Jake has decided not to compete in the Beatdown, Ryan invites Max to hang out at his house; there he begins to spar with Max before brutally assaulting him and leaving him at Jake's door. Jake and Baja take Max to the hospital where Jake decides to fight. Despite Baja's pleas against his decision, he states that doing nothing has consequences. Before he goes to the tournament, he has a brief argument with Roqua about his decision to fight. Roqua eventually assents and tells him to control the outcome of the fight. Jake arrives at the tournament where it is about to begin. After a mix-up where Jake and Ryan almost fight in the first round, they both proceed to make their way through each fight. Jake makes it to the semifinals in spite of an injury he received in the previous match due to a kick to the ribs. While Jake is recovering after the match, Baja sees him and tells him that she finally understands that Jake is fighting so [he doesn't] have to fight again. After learning that Ryan was disqualified in his semifinal match, Jake forfeits, seeing no reason to continue. While he and Baja attempt to leave, Ryan confronts him and the two finally fight outside in the parking lot. Jake is still limited by his ribs, and Ryan at first gains the upper hand, applying a choke on Jake. However Jake escapes and, with the entire crowd watching, knocks out Ryan using one of the first combinations Roqua taught him. The next day, a visibly injured Max has been released from the hospital. Jake has won the respect of his fellow students, including Ryan, and Roqua closes the gym with a ticket to Brazil, signaling his intention to reconcile with his father.
Queen of Hearts	British	comedy	Monty Banks	Grace Perkins (Gracie Fields) is an ordinary working class seamstress who is mistaken as a rich patron of the arts. When she's asked to back a new show she plays along with the charade, hoping that she can become the production's leading lady. When the show opens Grace is a huge hit and goes on to become a glamorous star.
Our Mother's House	British	drama	Jack Clayton	The seven Hook children, whose ages range from five to fourteen, live in a dilapidated Victorian house in suburban London. The older children help to care for their invalid single mother, whose chronic illness has led to her to convert to fundamentalist religion and refuse all medical help. When their mother dies suddenly, the children realise that they may be split up and sent to orphanages, so they decide to conceal their mother's death and carry on with their daily routine as if she were still alive. They secretly bury their mother in the back yard at night, and convert the garden shed into a shrine to her, where they periodically hold seances to communicate with her spirit. The eldest child, Elsa, takes charge. The children make excuses for their mother's absence to their neighbours and teachers, claiming that the doctor has sent her to the seaside for her health, and they dismiss their abrasive housekeeper, Mrs Quayle. The children realise they can support themselves after Elsa discovers that younger brother Jiminee can convincingly forge their mother's signature, enabling them to cash the trust fund cheques that arrive for her each month, and they also discover that their mother has left over £400 in her savings account. Some of the children suggest contacting their estranged father, but the idea is rejected by Elsa, who has been indoctrinated with her mother's bitter contempt for her shiftless ex-husband. When oldest brother Hubert discovers that Elsa knows their father's contact address (a letter arrives which Elsa tears up in front of Hubert), Hubert suggests that they get in touch with him, hoping he will help them. Elsa dismisses the idea and throws the address away, but when she leaves the room Hubert recovers it. For the next six months, the children carry on an outwardly normal life, although conflict arises when Gerty innocently takes a ride on a stranger's motorbike. Horrified by Gerty's contact with an outsider, Diana 'consults' their mother's spirit. The siblings denounce Gerty as a 'harlot' and they punish her by taking away the precious comb their mother had given her, and cutting off her long hair. Soon after, Gerty falls ill, and although Diana follows their mother's practice and refuses to get a doctor, Gerty eventually recovers. The children's secret world begins to change when Jiminee brings home Louis, a friend from his school, and allows him to hide there. Soon their teacher arrives, demanding to search the house and retrieve the missing boy, but the situation is defused by the unexpected arrival of their father, Charlie. He immediately moves in, and Hubert admits that he had secretly written to Charlie, asking him to come. The family adjusts to the new domestic situation, with Charlie taking them on outings, and even buying a new car. Most of the children (especially Diana) come to trust and love him, although Elsa remains deeply suspicious of him. The children's idyllic world begins to crumble after Charlie has a chance encounter on a bus with Mrs Quayle. She soon reappears at the house, demanding to know what has happened to Mrs Hook, but she is placated by Charlie. She inveigles her way back into the home, and she and Charlie soon begin a relationship. As time passes Charlie reverts to form, spending freely, drinking heavily, and entertaining 'loose women' in the house. Learning of Jiminee's ability to forge their mother's signature, Charlie convinces him to sign documents without his siblings' knowledge, and he further alienates the children when he dismantles their garden shrine. Matters come to a head when an estate agent and a couple let themselves in to inspect the house. Although Diana still refuses to see the truth, Elsa and Gerty correctly deduce that Charlie intends to sell the house, and after searching his room they discover that he has squandered virtually all of their mother's savings. When Charlie arrives home that night, the children demand an explanation. He at first tries to cover for himself but, confronted by the implacable Elsa, he reveals all, and furiously denounces their mother - he explains that she had led a dissolute life before she fell ill and turned to religion, that the children are in fact the illegitimate offspring of her many adulterous liaisons, and that none of them are his own. He further reveals that he now controls the property, having used Jiminee to unwittingly forge their mother's signature and sign over the title deed for himself. When he callously declares that he despises the children, and that he intends to sell the house and put them all into care, Diana snaps and kills him with a poker. The children briefly debate whether or not to bury Charlie in the garden and carry on as before, but they finally accept the gravity of their situation. As the film ends, the children leave the house for the last time and walk off into the dark to turn themselves in to the authorities.
Stakeout on Dope Street	American	crime	Irvin Kershner	Late one night in Los Angeles, Sgt. Fred Matthews (Frank Harding) and Officer Lynn Donahue (Slate Harlow) arrest a pusher who is carrying two pounds of uncut heroin. They are ambushed by gangsters Mitch Swadurski (Herman Rudin) and Lenny Potter (Philip Mansour), who kill Matthews and wound Donahue, then kill the pusher after he tosses the briefcase containing the heroin into the underbrush. Next day, the case is found by eighteen-year-old Julian Ves Vespucci (Jonathon Haze) as he delivers groceries from his father's store. Ves and his pals, would-be artist Jim Bowers (Yale Wexler) and bodybuilder Nick Raymond (Morris Miller) find the case contains samples of women's cosmetics. The canister containing the heroin is labeled face powder, so they throw the can away, although Jim keeps some powder for his girl friend Kathy. The boys pawn the briefcase. Jim takes the samples to Kathy and proposes to her. Kathy is afraid he will be unable to support them. Jim sees a newspaper headline about the missing narcotics. He rushes to tell Nick and Ves, but the canister has since been picked up by a garbage truck. After a frantic search at the city dump, they find it. Nick convinces Jim and Ves to meet Danny, a heroin addict. The police and the mob are searching for the drugs, using every contact they have in the underworld and on the streets. Danny is thrilled by the small test packet of heroin brought to him by the boys and agrees to sell it for them. The three are awed by the money that Danny gets for the heroin. Nick and Ves go shopping, while Jim buys a bracelet for Kathy. When he explains where he got the money, Jim is surprised by Kathy's vehement rejection of the bracelet. She upbraids him for profiting from others' weakness. Danny relates to Jim in harrowing detail how he got addicted. Deeply moved by Danny's story, Jim grows more reluctant to continue selling. The police obtain their first break when the pawnbroker reports the briefcase he bought from the boys. He recalls that one was named Nick and worked in a garage. Lenny and Mitch learn from a local pusher that Danny has been selling heroin. Jim wants out of the scheme completely, wanting to give the drugs to the police. Danny is brutally questioned by Lenny and Mitch at his shack. Nick goes to collect the day's earnings from Danny, and he, too, is beaten by the gangsters. Ves is also captured by Mitch and Lenny, who force him to call Jim. Begged to bring the rest of the drugs to Danny's, Jim insists that he is going to the police. Jim retrieves the canister and the gangsters pursue him. As Ves then telephones the police, Jim climbs a tower in a power plant. Mitch climbs after him, but Jim pours heroin onto Mitch's upturned face. The police arrive and capture Lenny, then shoot Mitch, who falls to his death. Jim is told that Nick is in the hospital. He and Ves are arrested and led off to face the consequences of their greed.
Daag: A Poem of Love	Bollywood	romance	Yash Chopra	A young man, Sunil Kohli (Rajesh Khanna), falls for beautiful Sonia (Sharmila Tagore). Soon, they get married and leave for their honeymoon. On the way, owing to bad weather, they decide to spend a night at a bungalow owned by Sunil's boss. The boss's son, Dheeraj Kapoor (Prem Chopra), tries to rape Sonia when she is alone. But Sunil arrives in time, and a fight ensues, resulting in the death of Dheeraj. Sunil is arrested and, later, sentenced to death by the court. But, on the way to prison, the police van carrying him meets with an accident. All occupants are killed. Years later, Sonia, working as a school teacher and bringing up Sunil's and her son, finds out that her husband is still alive. He is living with a new identity as Sudhir, and is married to a rich woman named Chandni (Raakhee). After escaping from the police van, Sunil met Chandni, whose lover had ditched her on learning of her pregnancy. Sunil married her to provide legitimacy to her child, in return for her help in establishing his new identity. Now, after so many years, the law is once again at his doorstep. This time, however, there is an added crime to his name: bigamy.
Kung Fu Panda	American	animation	Mark Osborne, John Wayne Stevenson	In the Valley of Peace, a land in ancient China inhabited by anthropomorphic animals, the giant panda Po is a kung fu fanatic who idolizes the Furious Five – Tigress, Monkey, Mantis, Viper, and Crane – a quintet of kung fu students trained by the red panda Master Shifu. As he helps his adoptive goose[3] father Mr. Ping in his noodle restaurant, Po is unable to pursue his dream of becoming a kung fu master himself. Grand Master Oogway, an old tortoise and Shifu's mentor, has a vision that Shifu's former student, the evil snow leopard Tai Lung, will escape from prison and return to the Valley of Peace to take revenge for being denied the Dragon Scroll, which is said to hold the secret to limitless power. Shifu is alarmed and sends his messenger, Zeng the goose, with a request for the prison to heighten security in order to prevent Tai Lung's escape. He then holds a kung fu tournament for the Furious Five so that Oogway may identify the Dragon Warrior, the one kung fu master worthy of receiving the Dragon Scroll and capable of defeating Tai Lung. Po arrives as the arena doors close and is unable to enter. Desperate to see the Dragon Warrior chosen, Po straps himself to a set of fireworks, rockets into the sky, and crashes into the middle of the arena. He opens his eyes to see Oogway pointing his finger at him, and to the shock of everyone present, Oogway proclaims Po as the Dragon Warrior. Unwilling to accept that Oogway's decision was intentional, Shifu tries to get rid of Po through a torturous and agonizing training regime. The Furious Five also scorn and disparage Po as an upstart with no skill or potential in kung fu. However, after receiving encouragement from Oogway, Po endures his training and slowly begins to befriend the Five with his tenacity, culinary skill, and good humor. Meanwhile, Tai Lung escapes from prison as foreseen by Oogway, ironically picking his locks with one of Zeng's fallen feathers. Shifu learns of Tai Lung's escape from Zeng and informs Oogway, who extracts a promise from Shifu to believe in Po, and then passes on to the heavens in a stream of peach blossoms. Still unable to grasp the basics of kung fu, Po despairingly admits that he has no chance of defeating Tai Lung. Shifu, however, discovers that Po is capable of impressive physical feats when motivated by food. Using this as positive reinforcement, Shifu successfully trains Po to incorporate these feats into an effective kung fu style. Meanwhile, the Furious Five set out to stop Tai Lung themselves, only to be overwhelmed and defeated by Tai Lung's nerve strikes. Shifu decides that Po is ready to receive the Dragon Scroll, but the scroll reveals nothing but a blank reflective surface. Unable to understand the message of the scroll, Shifu orders Po and the Five to evacuate the valley. As Tai Lung arrives and fights Shifu, the distraught Po finds Mr. Ping who, in an attempt to console him, reveals that the long-withheld secret ingredient to his famous secret ingredient soup is nothing, explaining that to make something special you just have to believe it is. Po realizes that this is the message of the Dragon Scroll, and goes back to confront Tai Lung before he is able to kill Shifu. Po becomes a formidable challenge for Tai Lung, frustrating him with confusing fighting techniques on top of a physique that renders him immune to Tai Lung's dangerous nerve strikes. Tai Lung momentarily bests Po and retrieves the scroll, but is unable to understand or accept its symbolic meaning. Eventually, Po defeats Tai Lung in combat before using the mysterious Wuxi Finger Hold to vanquish him. Po is praised by the Valley of Peace and earns the respect of the Furious Five, who fully acknowledge him as a true kung fu master. Po then finds Shifu, who finally attains inner peace with the valley safe once more. In a post-credits scene, Po and Shifu eat dumplings together as it's revealed that the peach tree planted by Oogway has grown.
The Vampire	American	horror	Paul Landres	The late Dr. Campbell was experimenting with vampire bat blood just before his death. Colleague Paul Beecher (Beal) finds a bottle of pills among Dr. Campbell's effects and takes them home. Dr. Beecher's daughter, Betsy (Lydia Reed), accidentally substitutes the vampire blood pills for her father's migraine tablets. As a result, the kindly Dr. Beecher starts having blackouts from the pills. During a consultation with patient Marion Wilkins (Ann Staunton), Paul feels unwell and asks her to return the next day. The following morning, he receives a phone call notifying him that Marion has gotten progressively ill. When he goes to visit her, he finds her terrified by his presence, and she dies suddenly. On her neck, Paul finds two puncture wounds. Worried about his recent blackouts, Paul returns to Campbell's lab where he speaks with his colleague, Will Beaumont (Dabbs Greer). Will tells Paul that Dr. Campbell's research involved regressing animals’ minds to a primitive state, then reversing and advancing the process. The next morning, Henry (James Griffith) is mysteriously found dead with the same puncture wounds and inexplicable disintegration of the tissue on his neck. Later, Paul is called to the hospital to perform an emergency surgery, but is unable to focus and has to leave the operating room. When Paul realizes he is responsible for the series of local murders—which he has been committing during his blackouts—he arranges for Betsy to stay with an aunt for her own safety. Paul again confronts Will about the pills, but Will assumes Paul is in a delusional state. He agrees to stay with Paul to calm him, and locks the bottle of pills in a drawer. During the night, Will witnesses Paul's transformation into a vampire; Paul then murders Will, disposing of his body in a furnace. The following day, Sheriff Buck Donnelly (Kenneth Tobey)—suspicious that Will may be engaging in human experiments—goes to question him. At the lab, Buck finds an audio recorder that contains a recording of Will's murder. Meanwhile, Paul's nurse, Carol Butler (Gray), is opening his office when she is confronted by Paul, who urges her to go home. Before leaving, she notices a vial of poison, and realizes Paul may be planning to commit suicide. Before she is able to leave, she witnesses Paul transform into the vampire. Buck arrives shortly after, and witnesses Carol fleeing with Paul in pursuit. She runs into a meadow where she is attacked by Paul, but Buck follows behind and manages to shoot Paul to death. After he dies, his monstrous body reverts to its normal appearance.
The Painted Desert	American	western	Howard Higgin	Two cowboy friends, Jeff (J. Farrell MacDonald) and Cash (William Farnum), are traveling through the desert in the southwest U.S., when they come upon a baby who has been abandoned in the back of a covered wagon. They can't leave the defenseless child, so decide to take the baby with them, however, they argue over which of them would be better suited to raising the child. When Cash ends up prevailing in the debate, this creates a lifelong rift between the two friends. Years later the baby has now grown into a young man, Bill Holbrook (William Boyd), who works with his adoptive father on their cattle ranch. Cash's erstwhile friend, Jeff, has remained in the area where the infant was found and has established his own ranch, centered on the water hole where the entire feud originally began, a feud which is still in full force. Jeff lives with his grown daughter, Mary Ellen (Helen Twelvetrees). The feud escalates when Cash wants to use the water hole on Jeff's property to water his cattle. Jeff is ready to confront Cash in a stand-off, preventing him from watering his cattle on the property Jeff has claimed, assisted by an itinerant cowboy, Rance Brett (Clark Gable), who has been smitten with Mary Ellen's beauty. The confrontation is temporarily avoided when Cash's herd unexpectedly stampedes. When Bill discovers tungsten on Jeff's property, he attempts to use it to close the division between his father and Jeff, however this only results in his father kicking him out. He turns to Jeff, and begins a mining operation, which actually has the opposite effect of Bill's original intention, only exacerbating the tension between Jeff and Cash. Bill and Jeff's partnership also causes tension with Rance, since Mary Ellen now shows an interest in Bill. After a shipment of tungsten which was on its way to pay the loan they had taken out to develop the mine is waylaid, Bill works furiously with the miners to replace it with another load. He is successful. However, as he is celebrating the success of the mine, as well as his impending nuptials with Mary Ellen, the mine is sabotaged by a series of explosions. Everyone believes the mine sabotage is the work of Cash, but it turns out to have been an act of jealousy on the part of Rance, who confesses, leaving the two old friends to reconcile, and their two children to marry.
Ilavelpu	Telugu	romance	D. Yoganand	Kantha Rao (Gummadi) is a landlord and a widower, his son Shekar (Akkineni Nageswara Rao) studies B.A. Shekar uncle’s Mukunda Rao's (Dr.Sivaramakrishnayya) daughter Sarala (Jamuna) loves him. But Sarala’s mother Seshamma (Suryakantham) is a very aggressive woman and Shekar stays away from his uncle’s family thinking that Sarala might have her mother's qualities. Sarala’s brother (Relangi) roams outside the house in order to escape the torture of his mother. Kantha Rao’s lands are tilled by Chandrayya (A.L.Narayana) and his daughter is Sarada (Anjali Devi). Sharada grows up in an ashram as her mother dies in her childhood. She is well versed in Sanskrit and Telugu along with having spiritual ideologies. Once, Shekar visits the ashram and meets Sharada there. He respects her ideologies, falls in love and proposes her too. Sharada tells she also admires Shekar but in a way a fellow human being is liked but not love. Instead of giving up, Shekar repeatedly requests her to accept his love. Sharada finally says she would talk to her parents and let him know. It is when Shekar leaves for China to study further but his flight meets with an accident. Everybody thinks he is dead in that accident. Sharada & Sarala get distraught with the news and the story takes a huge twist. Sharada gets forced to marry Sekhar’s father Kantha Rao in dramatic circumstances. It is when Shekar saves himself from the accident and returns. He feels shocked seeing his lover in the position of the mother in the house. Sharada requests Shekar to marry Sarala and makes him agree to the wedding. But Sarala has her own suspicions about Shekar & Sharada and always thinks they both have something else in mind. Shekar gets upset with this and leaves the house. Sharada gives her life in sacrifice and Shekar & Sarala unite again- eventually making the house a paradise again. Sharada arada gets all the prayers as the family deity (Ilavelpu) of the house.
Another 48 Hrs.	American	action	Walter Hill	Veteran San Francisco police officer Jack Cates has been after drug dealer the Iceman for the past four years. At the Hunter's Point Raceway, Jack confronts Tyrone Burroughs and Arthur Brock. Jack kills Brock, while Burroughs escapes. Despite killing Brock in self-defense, Jack is now under investigation, as Brock's gun cannot be found at the scene. Blake Wilson, the head of the Internal Affairs division, becomes determined to prosecute Jack on a third-degree manslaughter charge. Jack finds a picture that proves that the Iceman has put a price on the head of Reggie Hammond, who is scheduled to be released from prison the next day. Reggie has completed his prison term for robbing a payroll (a crime for which he claims complete innocence), and is scheduled to be released. Jack tries to convince Reggie to help him clear his name and find the Iceman. Reggie requests that Jack gives him the $500,000 that Jack has been holding on to for him. Jack refuses to give Reggie the money unless Reggie helps him. After the bus transporting Reggie is attacked by two bikers and Jack gets shot, Jack forces Reggie to help him by having the hospital release Reggie into his custody. Reggie recognizes one of the two bikers as Richard Cherry Ganz, the brother of Albert Ganz, the escaped convict Jack killed years earlier. Cherry and his partner Willie Hickok are the hitmen who have been hired to kill Reggie. Burroughs, who works for the Iceman, was trying to hire Brock as insurance, just in case Cherry and Hickok failed. When the Iceman murders Cherry and Hickok's primary contact man, Malcolm Price, Cherry kills Burroughs, after the latter reveals himself to be an associate for the Iceman. Reggie is captured by Cherry and Hickok, and Jack confronts the two criminals at a local nightclub where Ben Kehoe—Jack's friend and fellow officer—is revealed to be the Iceman, with another detective, Frank Cruise, serving as an accomplice. A gunfight ensues, with Jack wounding Hickok and killing Cruise. After killing both Hickok and Cherry, Reggie is held captive by Kehoe and used as a human shield. Reggie sarcastically begs Jack to shoot him. Jack does so, firing a shot into Reggie's shoulder, wounding him and throwing him off Kehoe. Jack then shoots Kehoe, killing him. Before Reggie is transported to the hospital, he and Jack share a few parting words. As the ambulance leaves with Reggie, Jack realizes that Reggie has once again stolen his lighter.
Anna Bond	Kannada	action	Duniya Soori	Bond Ravi (Puneeth Rajkumar) is a generous guy, who has the tendency of helping others. He is a karate champ who works in a medical camp of Singapore. He meets Meera (Priyamani) on a bus and falls in love with her charm. One day, Meera visits the same village where Bond Ravi lives to make a documentary film. She stays with her friend Divya (Nidhi Subbaiah). Love with Meera increases for Ravi. When Meera is about to leave the village, she tells him to make something big in life. Ravi, along with Chapathi Babu (Rangayana Raghu), leaves his village. On the way he meets a military guy, Chandrakanth (Avinash), who mistakes the identity of Bond Ravi in the forest.[7] The military guy has come to treat the pain of an army official, Chandrakanth. Now, a sudden shoot begins from Charlie (Jackie Shroff). Bond Ravi helps Chandrakanth in this place. A dreaded personality and drug mafia is looking for his daughter, who thinks his daughter is with Chandrakanth. Next part of the movie is the revenge story of Charlie on Bond Ravi. Charlie on hunting for his daughter kills his daughter, Divya. Chandrakanth’s daughter Meera comes under the custody of Charlie as a part of revenge. The remaining movie revolves around the escape of Meera from Charlie, which is a great task for Bond Ravi.
My Beautiful Laundrette	British	drama	Stephen Frears	Omar Ali is a young man living in Battersea in the Wandsworth area of South London, right by the railway station[4] during the mid-1980s. His father, Hussein (known to the rest of the family as Papa), once a famous left-wing British Pakistani journalist in Bombay, lives in London but hates Britain's society and its international politics. His dissatisfaction with the world and a family tragedy have led him to sink into alcoholism, so that Omar has to be his caregiver. By contrast, Omar's paternal uncle Nasser is a successful entrepreneur and an active member of the London Pakistani community. Papa asks Nasser to give Omar a job and, after working for a brief time as a car washer in one of his uncle's garages, he is assigned the task of managing a run-down laundrette and turning it into a profitable business. At Nasser's, Omar meets a few other members of the Pakistani community: Tania, Nasser's daughter and possibly a future bride; and Salim, who trafficks drugs and hires him to deliver them from the airport. While driving Salim and his wife home that night, the three of them get attacked by a group of right-wing extremist street punks. Their apparent leader turns out to be Johnny, Omar's childhood friend. Omar tries to reestablish their past friendship, offering Johnny a job and the opportunity to adopt a better life by working to fix up the laundrette with him. Johnny decides to help with the laundrette and they resume a romantic relationship that (it is implied) had been interrupted after school. Running out of money, Omar and Johnny sell one of Salim's drug deliveries to make cash for the laundrette's substantial renovation. On the opening day of the laundrette, Omar confronts Johnny on his fascist past. Johnny, feeling guilty, tells him that though he cannot make it up to him, he is with him now. Nasser visits the laundrette with his mistress, Rachel. As they dance together in the laundrette, Omar and Johnny make love in the back room, narrowly escaping discovery. At the inauguration, Tania confronts Rachel about having an affair with her father. Rachel accuses Nasser of having invited Tania on purpose to have her insulted, and storms off despite his protests. Later that night, a drunk Omar proposes to Tania, who accepts on the condition that he raise money to get away. Soon after, Salim reveals to Omar that he is on to them, and demands his money back. Omar's father stops by late in the night and appeals to Johnny to persuade Omar to go to college because he is unhappy with his son running a laundrette. Offering Salim a chance to invest in his businesses as a much needed 'clean outlet' for his money, Omar decides to take over two laundrettes owned by a friend of Nasser. Salim drives Johnny and Omar to view one of the properties, and he expresses his dislike of the British non-working punks in Johnny's gang. He attempts to run them over and injures one of them. Meanwhile, Rachel falls ill with a skin rash apparently caused by a ritual curse from Nasser's wife, and decides it is best for all that she and Nasser part ways. The next day Tania drops by the laundrette and tells Johnny she is leaving, asking him to come along. He refuses, implicitly revealing the truth about himself and Omar and she departs wordlessly. After Salim arrives and enters the laundrette, the punks, who had been lying in wait, trash his car. When he runs out on noticing them, he is ambushed and viciously attacked. Johnny decides to interrupt and defend him, despite their mutual dislike, and the punks turn their attention to him instead. As he refuses to fight back, they beat him savagely until Omar returns and intervenes, protecting Johnny as the punks trash the laundrette and flee the scene. Nasser visits Papa, and the two discuss their respective failures, agreeing between them that only Omar's future matters now. Nasser sees Tania at the train platform while she is running away, and he shouts to her but she disappears. Meanwhile, at the laundrette, Omar nurses Johnny, and the two bond. The film ends with a scene of them shirtless, playfully splashing each other with water from a sink, implying that they are continuing their relationship together.
Prom Night	American	horror	Paul Lynch	In 1974, 11-year-olds Wendy Richards, Jude Cunningham, Kelly Lynch, and Nick McBride play hide and seek in an abandoned convent. 10-year-old Robin Hammond tries to join them, but they start teasing her by repeating Kill! Kill! Kill!. Robin is then backed up towards a window from which she falls to her death. Instead of reporting the incident to the police, the children make a pact not to tell anyone what happened and keep the incident a secret, but after they leave, a shadow falls across Robin's body. Later a known rapist, Leonard Merch is mistakenly blamed for Robin's death and is arrested. Six years pass and it is 1980. Robin's family attend her memorial on the anniversary of her death. Robin's teenage sister, Kim, and fraternal twin brother, Alex, are also preparing for the school prom to be held that evening. Their parents will also attend, as their father is the school principal. Kelly, Jude and Wendy begin receiving obscene phone calls from an unknown figure, while Nick ignores his ringing phone. Kim and Nick, whom she is dating, are attending prom together; Jude is asked by goofy jokester Seymour Slick Crane whom she meets by chance that morning; Kelly is going with her boyfriend Drew Shinnick (who is preoccupied with having sex with her despite objections), while Wendy, previously Nick's girlfriend, asks the school rebel, Lou Farmer with plans to embarrass Nick and Kim at prom. In the changing room after gym class, Kim and Kelly discover the locker room mirror severely cracked and a shard missing. The offender blamed for Robin's death has escaped and Lt. McBride, Nick's father, investigates. Also during the day, Wendy, Jude and Kelly discover their year book photos in their lockers torn and stabbed with a piece of glass. During the senior prom, Kim and Nick perform a dance number to impress Wendy who had insisted Nick would be getting back with her after the prom. Later, Kelly and Drew make out in the changing room, but Kelly refuses to continue to full sex, resulting in Drew angrily leaving. As Kelly gets dressed, an unidentified figure wearing a ski mask and all-black clothing stealthily approaches her and slits her throat with a mirror shard. Jude and Slick have sex and smoke marijuana in Slick's van parked outside school grounds. Unbeknownst to them, they are being watched and are then attacked by the masked killer, who stabs Jude's throat. Slick struggles with the killer while attempting to drive away but the killer escapes from the van (with Slick inside) as it tumbles off a cliff and explodes into a wreckage. McBride, staking out the prom, is informed that the sex offender blamed for Robin's death has been caught. He is relieved and ends his scrutiny of the event. In the bathroom, the killer, now wielding an axe, confronts and chases Wendy through the school. She evades the killer several times, but is caught and killed after she screams upon discovering Kelly's body in a storage room. Kim and Nick prepare to be crowned prom king and queen but Wendy's plan is put into action by Lou and his lackeys who tie up Nick with Lou taking his crown and assuming his position back stage. Mistaking him for Nick, the killer approaches behind Lou and decapitates him. Lou's severed head rolls down the runway and onto the dance floor, sending the prom-goers fleeing in horror. Kim finds Nick and frees him. As they prepare to escape, they are confronted by the killer who attacks Nick but not Kim. Eventually in the ensuing brawl, Kim bluntly strikes the killer's head with his own axe. She and the killer then stare at each other for a moment and Kim realizes who he really is. He runs outside where the police have arrived. As guns are raised Kim screams for Lt. McBride not to shoot him. Although he obeys, the killer collapses, as he is already dying from his head wound. The killer is then revealed to be Alex, who explains to Kim that he was trying to avenge Robin's death and that Jude, Kelly, Wendy and Nick were responsible for their sister's death. He cries Robin's name and dies in Kim's arms. Kim cries at the death of another sibling.
Satyameba Jayate	Bengali	romance	Milan Bhowmik	Satyameva Jayate is the story of a traffic constable who witnesses a murder committed by a politician’s son in day light and the reactions he had to face when he tries to bring the culprits to book. As a bunch of dishonest bureaucrats and corrupted cops acts against him, he had to turn into the long-haired, local goon Pandiya to take revenge.[4][5]
Walky Talky Hawky	American	animation	Robert McKimson	Henery Hawk discusses his cravings with his father, who then tells him Your mother and I are outcasts, hated and hunted because of what we are: Chicken hawks. And you, you Henery, you're a chicken hawk too. And like all chicken hawks you crave to eat - a chicken. More enthusiastic than his father, Henery Hawk sets out to find a chicken, however, as he tries to fly, he falls from the tree and tells the audience Someday I gotta learn to fly. Meanwhile, in a barnyard, the Barnyard Dawg deliberately throws a watermelon on an unsuspecting Foghorn Leghorn, who is done filing his nails, muttering to himself while thinking of the Dawg EVERYDAY IS THE SAME THING!. Just as the Dawg goes to sleep, Foghorn deliberately spanks the Dawg with a paddle, angering the Dawg into chasing Foghorn, only the Dawg gets choked by the leash and falls. The Dawg now angrily barks at Foghorn, who then deliberately slaps the Dawg, yelling Ah, SHUT UP! and walks away. Henery meets Foghorn, who, seeing the hawk as a potential pawn against the Dawg, tells Henery he is a horse and that the Dawg is a chicken and Henery Hawk goes up to the Dawg and deliberately bites the Dawg in the tail, causing the Dawg to wake up from his nap in pain and Henery warns the Dawg Are you gonna come quietly or do I have to muss ya up?!, but the Dawg chases Henery, but gets choked on the leash again and falls again while Foghorn whacks the Dawg in the head like he's playing croquet with croquet mallet and runs with the Dawg angrily barking again, only with a headache. Henery is still running, but Foghorn tells Henery not to give up and Henery literally carries the Dog house with the Dawg in it like a train while the Dawg investigates with a mirror, sees Henery and lifts up his house and gives chase but is choked and falls again and Foghorn deliberately puts a knight's helmet on the Dawg and whacks the Dawg in the side of the head many times causing the Dawg's head to literally shake inside. Foghorn tells Henery that the Dawg is a foxy chicken and they have to outsmart him and Foghorn whispers the plan into Henery's ear. Henery lures the Dawg out of his house by drawing a doorbell and presses it and plays a piano while the Dawg dances to the music and the Dawg gets whacked and trips over a banana peel and a spring while walking clumsily and landing on a rollerskate. When the Dawg surrenders and asks Henery what he is looking for, Henery tells the Dawg You're a chicken, I'm a chicken hawk, and I'm gonna eat chicken!, the Dawg realizes he's been the victim of Foghorn's prank and points out I'm NO chicken! THAT'S a chicken! and Foghorn accuses the Dawg, Don't you, I say don't you call ME a chicken, you... chicken! Henery realizes he's been tricked and he releases the Dawg on Foghorn which starts a brawl between the two of them, only this time, Foghorn is now running while the angry Dawg is now on the warpath against Foghorn. When the brawl takes them into a barn, an ACTUAL horse forcibly ejects them, clunking their heads together in the process. The two foes, shaking hands to prove solidarity, re-enter to double-team the horse. Finally, Henery captures Foghorn, the Dawg, and the horse, mimicking Foghorn and telling the camera that One of these things, I SAY, ONE OF THESE THINGS, has GOT to be a chicken! as the cartoon irises out.
The Beloved Vagabond	British	romance	Fred LeRoy Granville	The wealthy Gaston de Nerac (Blackwell) decides to live as a tramp until he falls in love.
Fort Apache	American	western	John Ford	After the American Civil War, highly respected veteran Captain Kirby York (John Wayne) is expected to replace the outgoing commander at Fort Apache, an isolated U.S. cavalry post. York had commanded his own regiment during the Civil War and was well-qualified to assume permanent command. To the surprise and disappointment of the company, command of the regiment was given to Lieutenant Colonel Owen Thursday (Henry Fonda). Thursday, a West Point graduate, was a general during the Civil War. Despite his Civil War combat record, Lieutenant Colonel Thursday is arrogant and egocentric officer who lacks experience dealing with native Indians. Accompanying widower Thursday is his daughter, Philadelphia (Shirley Temple). She becomes attracted to Second Lieutenant Michael Shannon O'Rourke (John Agar), the son of Sergeant Major Michael O'Rourke (Ward Bond). The elder O'Rourke was a recipient of the Medal of Honor as a major with the Irish Brigade during the Civil War, entitling his son to enter West Point and become an officer. However, the class-conscious Thursday forbids his daughter to see someone he does not consider a gentleman. When there is unrest among the Apache, led by Cochise (Miguel Inclan), Thursday ignores York's advice to treat the natives with honor and to remedy problems on the reservation caused by corrupt Indian agent Silas Meacham (Grant Withers). Thursday's inability to deal with Meacham effectively, due to his rigid interpretation of Army regulations stating that Meacham is an agent of the United States government and therefore entitled to Army protection (despite his own personal contempt for the man), coupled with Thursday's prejudicial and arrogant ignorance regarding the Apache drives the Indians to rebel. Eager for glory and recognition, Thursday orders his regiment into battle on Cochise's terms, a direct charge into the hills, despite York's urgent warnings that such a move would be suicidal. Thursday relieves York and orders him to stay back, replacing him with Captain Sam Collingwood (George O'Brien). Following Thursday's orders, York spares the younger O'Rourke from battle. Thursday's entire command is nearly wiped out, but a few soldiers manage to escape back to the ridge where Captain York is positioned. Thursday himself survives but then returns to die with the last of his trapped men. Cochise spares York and the rest of the detachment because he knows York to be an honorable man. Subsequently, now Lieutenant-Colonel Kirby York commands the regiment. Meeting with correspondents, he introduces Lt. O'Rourke, now married to Philadelphia Thursday. A reporter asks Colonel York if he has seen the famous painting depicting Thursday's Charge. York, about to command a new and arduous campaign to bring in the Apaches, while believing that Thursday was a poor tactician who led a foolhardy and suicidal charge, says it is completely accurate and then reminds the reporters that the soldiers will never be forgotten as long as the regiment lives.
House of Wax	American	horror	Jaume Collet-Serra	In 2005, Carly Jones, her twin brother Nick, her boyfriend Wade, her best friend Paige, Paige's boyfriend Blake and Nick's friend Dalton are on their way to a football game in Louisiana. When night falls, the group sets up camp, after which a foul smell hangs in the air. A stranger in a pickup truck visits their campsite, shines his lights and refuses to leave or address them until Nick smashes one of his headlights. The next morning, Wade discovers that his car's fan belt is broken. Carly and Paige wander into the woods, where Carly tumbles down a hill and falls into a pit filled with rotting animal carcasses. After rescuing her, the group meets a strange, rural man named Lester, who offers to drive Carly and Wade to the nearby town of Ambrose to get a new fan belt, while the rest of them go to the football game. The two arrive at Ambrose, which is virtually a ghost town. Unable to find an attendant at the gas station, they wander into the church, disrupting a funeral. There, they meet a mechanic named Bo, who offers to sell them a fan belt after the funeral. While waiting for the services to end, Carly and Wade visit the 'House of Wax', a wax museum which itself is made of wax and is the central feature of the town. The gas station does not have the right size fan belt, so they follow Bo to his house. Inside, Wade is knocked out by Bo's twin brother, Vincent, who is wearing a wax mask to cover his disfigured face. Outside, Carly realizes Bo is the one who visited them the night before, after noticing his car's broken headlight. She runs to the church for help, but finds out that it is populated only by wax sculptures. Bo captures Carly and brings her to the cellar of the gas station, where she is restrained and her lips are glued. Meanwhile, Vincent strips Wade naked and straps him to a chair, where he is both injected with and covered in molten wax. Nick, Dalton, Paige and Blake realize they will not arrive at the game in time and return. Nick and Dalton arrive in Ambrose to find Carly and Wade. Nick visits the gas station, where he questions Bo about Carly's whereabouts. When she tries to gain Nick's attention, Bo cuts off the tip of Carly's finger, but she uses the blood from her finger to open her glued lips apart and screams for help. Nick fends off Bo and frees Carly. Meanwhile, Dalton finds Wade, who is still alive but unable to move because of the wax. Attempting to peel off the wax, Dalton realizes that he is unintentionally removing Wade's skin in the process. Vincent finds Dalton and slashes Wade's face with a machete, killing him. After a chase through the museum, Vincent catches Dalton and beheads him. Meanwhile, Nick and Carly realize that all of the town's inhabitants are real people covered in wax; Bo and Vincent have been luring people in and covering them in wax to make the figures look more realistic. At the campsite, just as Blake and Paige are about to have sex, Vincent arrives and kills Blake, after which he chases Paige to an abandoned sugar mill where he kills her. Nick and Carly return to the house to find Wade and Dalton. When Bo and Vincent return, they chase Carly and Nick to the House of Wax. It is revealed that Bo is the evil twin and Vincent is the good twin; following their parents' death, Bo has been controlling the more mild-mannered Vincent through physical and verbal abuse. After a chase, Carly beats Bo to death with a baseball bat. Nick unintentionally sets the House of Wax on fire and the wax figures start to melt, as does the entire museum. Enraged by his brother's death, Vincent chases Carly to the top floor, but Nick attacks him, allowing Carly to stab him. His body falls through the floor and he lands on top of his brother Bo's corpse. Carly and Nick escape the House of Wax as it melts to the ground. The next day, the police arrive and report that Ambrose has been abandoned for ten years when the local sugar mill failed. As Nick and Carly are taken to a hospital, the Sheriff learns that Mr. and Mrs. Sinclair had a third son. From inside the ambulance, Carly sees Lester (who is supposedly the third brother) who smiles and waves goodbye as the ambulance van leaves the town.
Assassin for Hire	British	crime	Michael McCarthy	Antonio Riccardi, a young British criminal of Italian heritage, works as a professional contract killer in order to pay for his gifted younger brother's violin lessons so that he can escape from a life of poverty and crime. A series of mistakes lead him to wrongly believe he has killed his brother, and he confesses his crimes to the police.[2]
Running Target	American	western	Marvin Weinstein	Four fugitives head for the Colorado hills after a prison break. A posse is formed, led by lawman Scott and including a couple of civilians, Jaynes, a bartender who is a marksman with a rifle, and Smitty, a resourceful woman who runs a gas station that the criminals robbed. Smitty brings along a satchel on the hunt. A man named Kaygo is the outlaw leader and considered the toughest and smartest of the bunch. Jaynes is more obsessed than the others and a bit trigger-happy. Scott tolerates much of his behavior while trying to understand Smitty, discovering at one point that her satchel includes a pink dress. After the others are accounted for, Kaygo is the only one left. Scott wakes in the middle of the night and sees Kaygo looking at him, but doesn't try to shoot him. The searchers go separate ways and Scott suddenly spots Smitty in her dress, romping with Kaygo in a field, obviously in love. He takes aim to shoot, then changes his mind and orders the prisoner to surrender. Jaynes, uphill from Scott, shoots Kaygo and doesn't understand why Scott and Smitty are distraught. Scott smashes Jaynes' beloved rifle and walks off hugging Smitty.
A Resurrection	American	horror	Matt Orlando	Set during a single day and night at a high school, Jessie (Barton), a guidance counselor, Addison (Duncan), the school principal and local police officer, Travis (Sawa) are the central characters of a whodunit as murder sweeps the school.[6] Jessie attempts to help a mentally disturbed student, Eli who is convinced that his dead brother will return and seek vengeance against the high school students that played a part in his death.[5] His brother was killed after being run-over in a car allegedly driven by the group of high school students. Eli takes his brother's body to a witch who implants a spirit in the corpse. The witch informs Eli that his brother's spirit will rise after six days and will only rest again after committing six murders.[7]
Kamaal Dhamaal Malamaal	Bollywood	comedy	Priyadarshan	The insinuating cry of every man, woman and child in this village when they see Johnny Belinda (Shreyas Talpade). Afraid of everything and everyone, Johnny is one terrified soul. Born into the household of Om Puri, a local farmer and being the only son, Johnny does what he's best at to help his ailing father. Nothing, other than buying lottery tickets every week. The only thing going in his life is his love for Maria (Madhurima) the daughter of the village's biggest gunda (gangster), Paresh Rawal, and sworn enemy of Om Puri. Paresh Rawal, armed with three herculean sons, goes to all ends to make sure his daughter and Johnny never marry, until one day, hope comes in the form a silent, strong but hungry man, Nana Patekar. One sudden day, Johnny and his family find Nana in their well. They get him out and feed dinner. Next day, Nana and Johnny go to market, where the Paresh Rawal's sons were beating Johnny. Nana saves Johnny and beats the goons in return. The friend of Johnny asks him is Nana your lost brother, Sam? With the question, Johnny gets an idea that I can pose him as my brother, include in my family and have a bodyguard for myself. Johnny convinces Nana to be his brother Sam and tells him the story of his family history. Johnny introduces Nana to his family. The family, in long wait of their lost son, accepts Nana as their lost son, Sam. Nana becomes Sam. With the help of his brother Sam, Johnny starts influencing entire village. Sam also works hard in the farm and helps family earn good livelihood. He is well accepted in the family. With the arrival of Sam, good days come to the family. One day, a person tells Johnny's friend that he has seen Nana in a Kolkatta jail, convicted of rape and murder of a woman. Johnny tries to convinces his family that Nana is not Sam but a rapist and murderer. Om Puri, father of Johnny, says Sam has told him that Sam has already told him the story of his going to jail. Johnny asks Sam to tell one thing which he has not told Sam as family history. Sam asks for a mango tree which was there. This convinces Om Puri and family that Nana is actually Sam. They in turn throw away Johnny out of home. Johnny takes a job at church and starts living as the neighbor of his father's house. He keeps looking opportunity to kill Sam, but all in vain. On the eve of Christmas, Sam sets home into fire. Everyone thinks Johnny has done the same and blame him. Johnny, disappointed with himself, writes a suicide note sitting in his hut. At that time, he sees Sam and another man enter into burnt hut. He follows them and finds that Sam and the man have dug in the home. They take out the stolen golden cross of the village church. Johnny is seen by Sam and the other man. Sam tells johnny that he had stolen it long back and hidden under the mango tree and ran away. Later in mean time, he came out of jail, the tree was cut and home was built. So to get this, he had set the home in fire. In mean, time, the other man runs away with the cross. Johnny and Sam catch him in the field. The other man confesses that he was the one who had raped and murdered the lady and told police that Sam had done it so. Sam beats the man to death. Sam injures Johnny who was trying to take the cross for church, but Sam injures him and walk with the cross. But he falls in well. Johnny, feeling grateful to Sam's earlier help, rescues him. Sam was walking with cross but johnny reminds him of the love Sam received from family. Hearing this, Sam leaves the cross there only. Johnny brings the cross to Church, but people accuse him as thief. Johnny was unable to prove his innocence. Suddenly, Sam appears and puts the dead body of the other man as thief. The village accepts this. As decided, if Johnny gets the golden cross for Church, he gets married to Maria. Johnny tells Sam that, now he is permanent member of the family.
Recoil	British	crime	John Gilling	When thieves rob and murder her jeweller father, Jean Talbot resolves to bring them to justice by posing as a criminal and infiltrating their gang. She builds up evidence against her father's murderer by pretending to be in love with him.
The Restless Breed	American	western	Allan Dwan	1865: Lawyer Mitch Baker is called into an office of the United States Secret Service to be told that his father was murdered in the border town of Mission, Texas. He was betrayed to Newton by an informer whilst on a mission investigating a group of gunrunners called Newton's Raiders supplying the forces of Emperor Maximilian I of Mexico with weapons arousing the ire of the United States who wants a Republican Mexico. Though offered his father's badge and pistol Mitch only wants the pistol that he takes with him on his revenge mission to Mission. Mitch adopts the guise of a gunslinger establishing his credentials by gunning down a few of Newton's men. With sheriffs being murdered soon after taking office the only force for good is Mr Simmons who admits to impersonating a Reverend of the Gospel. Simmons also has a children's shelter of half breed children that neither their Indian or American fathers and mothers want. The oldest is Angelita who aspires to be a dancer in the local saloon. Angelita is fascinated, then falls in love with Mitch. As no one in town know who Mitch is or why he came the other children imagine him an Archangel, especially as Mitch turns the table on several assassination attempts as he waits for Newton to arrive to exact his revenge. Arriving before Newton is Marshal Evans who knew Mitch's father and tells Mitch his father would be ashamed of what he was doing. He also threatens to imprison Mitch and charge him with murder if he kills one more of Newton's men. Angelita and Simons are glad to know Mitch's mission and urge him to let Marshal Evans arrest Newton, but Newton rides in with a gang of riders.
Hong Kong Godfather	Hong Kong	crime	Ho Cheuk Wing	When the leader of the Hung Hing syndicate is framed for the murder of a high ranking cop, he goes into hiding and leaves the syndicate in the hands of his sons with his youngest son Koo Siu York (Andy Lau) taking his place. A rival Triad branch is looking to move in on their territory and a war soon erupts between the two groups with a newly appointed CID detective (Roy Cheung) caught in the middle.
Keep It Quiet	British	comedy	Leslie S. Hiscott	Joe Puddlefoot becomes involved with criminals trying to steal valuable jade pieces belonging to the distinguished Sir Charles Goode.[2]
 The Fast and the Furious	American	action	Rob Cohen	On the docks outside Los Angeles, a truck is loaded with electronics and a dockside worker notifies an anonymous person about the shipment. On the road, the truck is approached by three modified Honda Civics with green underglow. The perpetrators then proceed to harpoon & board the truck, knock out the driver, and corral the semi allowing them to heist the electronics and escape into the night. The next day, undercover LAPD officer Brian O'Conner is assigned to find the gang responsible for the crimes. While visiting Toretto's Market, he flirts with the shop's owner Mia Torreto, the sister of notorious street racer Dominic Toretto. Dominic's henchmen, which consists of Vince, Leon, Jesse, and his girlfriend Letty, arrive. Vince, who has a crush on Mia, starts a fight with Brian, which Dominic is forced to break up. Later that night during a street racing gathering, Brian arrives in his modified Mitsubishi Eclipse, and Dominic arrives in his Mazda RX-7. Dominic organizes a drag race with himself, Brian, and two other drivers. Brian, out of cash, wagers the pink slip for his car. During the race, Brian overheats his engine, handing the victory to Dominic, who mocks Brian in front of the crowd. But as Brian prepares to give Dominic the keys to his car, the LAPD arrives, forcing everyone to flee. Dominic parks his car in a garage to limit suspicions by walking home, but is immediately spotted by a police cruiser. Brian arrives and saves him from the cops. The duo unknowingly venture into the territory of Dominic's old racing rival, gang leader Johnny Tran and his cousin, Lance Nguyen. After confronting Brian and Dominic, Tran and Lance blow up Brian's car. Afterwards, Dominic tells Brian that he owes Dominic a ten-second car (a car capable of driving a quarter mile in under eleven seconds, from a standstill). Brian goes to Dominic's garage, where he brings a totaled Toyota Supra as a replacement for the Eclipse. As Dominic and his crew begin the process of repairing the car, Brian begins dating Mia, much to Vince's dismay. Brian investigates Tran, convinced that Tran is responsible for the truck hijackings. One night during an investigation of a garage seemingly connected to Tran, he is cornered by Vince and Dominic, who demand an explanation. Brian lies about checking the cars of his rivals for the upcoming Race Wars, a street racing event in the desert. Brian, Vince, and Dominic then check out Tran's garage, and while there, Brian notices a large shipment of electronics in the garage. Brian reports the batch of electronics to his superiors at the LAPD and FBI, and they arrest Tran and Lance. The raid turns out to be a bust, however, as it turns out the electronics had been bought legally, thus leading to the duo’s release. Despite his own doubts, Brian is now forced to assume that Dominic is the actual coordinator of the truck heists. Brian's superiors then give him just 36 hours to find the perpetrators, as the truckers are now arming themselves to defend themselves against hijackings. The next day, with the Supra repaired, Dominic invites Brian to Race Wars, and he tells them that they will talk after Brian has proven his worth. At the Race Wars, Jesse wages his father's Volkswagen Jetta to Tran, but flees with the car after he loses. Tran confronts Dominic to claim the car, and then mocks him, accusing him of reporting him to the police. This leads to Dominic beating up Tran. Later that night, Brian notices the crew leaving, and realizes that Dominic is indeed the hijacker that he's been assigned to find. He then reveals his true identity to Mia, who is infuriated with him, but Brian soon convinces her to reveal the location of the Civics and aid him in his plans. Meanwhile, Dominic, Letty, Vince, and Leon prepare to hijack a semi-trailer truck, which is also to be their last heist. However, this time, the truck driver is armed, Vince is trapped on the side of the truck and is shot by the truck driver, while Letty's car is knocked over and flips from the highway (later saved by Leon). Brian soon arrives with Mia, who commandeers the Supra while Brian rescues Vince. When Dominic arrives, Brian is forced to blow his cover and call for a medical evacuation to rescue Vince. Dominic leaves with Mia and the rest of the crew after Vince is saved. Brian arrives at Dominic's house in L.A. just in time to see him pull his father's 1970 Dodge Charger R/T out of the garage. Brian confronts Dominic regarding Jesse's whereabouts, saying that he'll get the cops to find him before Tran does. At the same time, Jesse arrives, apologizing for his actions, and pleads for protection against Tran and Lance. He is then killed in a drive-by shooting by Tran and Lance on dirt bikes. Dominic and Brian pursue them, with Dominic ramming Lance's bike off the road before he can shoot Brian. Brian then shoots Tran, who crashes into a curb, killing him. As Brian checks on Tran, he sees Dominic, and orders passersby to call the police. Brian proceeds to follow Dominic, culminating in a quarter-mile drag race. The race ends as they barely manage to cross a railroad crossing before a train passes by, but Dominic violently crashes into a semi-truck. Instead of arresting Dominic, Brian gives him the keys to his own car, telling him he still owes him a ten-second car; Dominic is then able to escape the police. Brian then walks away from the scene, now a fugitive from the law. In the post-credits scene, Dominic is seen driving through Baja California, Mexico, in a 1970 Chevrolet Chevelle SS.
Ram Lakshman	Bengali	romance	Babu Ray	Ram (Kamal Haasan) and his pet elephant Laxman have grown up together and are very emotionally attached to one another. They share such a strong bond that Ram refuses to marry his sweetheart Meena (Sripriya) when her father refuses to sanction their marriage unless Ram leaves Laxman. Meanwhile, in a very cunningly planned plot, an employee of Meena's father kills him and implicates Ram and Laxman for the murder. How the two friends stand by each other in the hour of need and how they prove themselves innocent forms the rest of the plot.
Love Story	Bengali	romance	Raj Mukherjee	The story is about Saheb and Nandini who are born in the same nursing home on the same day. But circumstances drive Saheb into the home of an untouchable dom who works in a crematorium while Nandini is brought up in an affluent home. By chance, one day Saheb comes to Nandini's house in connection with some painting job. The two fall in love and naturally, Nandini's father is not happy about it at all.
Mahanagar	Bengali	drama	Satyajit Ray	Set in Calcutta during the 1950s Mahanagar explores the evolving independence of middle-class women of the city. Arati played by (Madhabi Mukherjee), a home maker, takes up a job as a door-to-door saleswoman to meet the increasing financial pressure on her orthodox and conservative family. Despite familial adversity and societal obstacles the initially hesitant and nervous Arati soon begins to prosper in her field and gradually starts to enjoy her new-found financial and psychological independence. Her initially supportive husband, Subrata played by(Anil Chatterjee), starts to feel insecure and decides to ask Arati to quit after tentatively securing another part-time job. Before Arati can quit, Subrata loses his job in the bank he was working for as it is shut down in the last of the Calcutta bank crashes.[4] Subrata has no choice but to let her continue to work. Arati now becomes the sole breadwinner of the family and further befriends an English-speaking, Anglo-Indian (representative of the legacy of the British Raj) colleague Edith (Vicky Redwood), a move which raises suspicion and increases conflict within her family. Slowly Arati begins to shine in her job and earn the trust of her manager, who promises her further responsibility if she continues to work with her efficiency. Subrata meanwhile now sits all day at home and drowns himself in suspicion, insecurity and ego. Subrata finally decides to meet Himangshu played by (Haradhan Bannerjee), Arati's boss, to ease some of his suspicions. When he meets him he finds that Himangshu is an affable and friendly person who also hails from Pabna District, and eases up to him. They discuss about the unemployment of Subrata and Himangshu promises to find him a job somewhere. Meanwhile, Edith comes back after a long sickness to the office but Himangshu doesn't believe she was actually sick, and fires her quoting reasons pertaining to Edith's frivolous lifestyle. She is hurt and cries in the washroom, which is seen by Arati. A once timid person, Arati lets go of her inhibitions and decides to fight this injustice. She confronts Himangshu impulsively, regardless of her position as the sole breadwinner of her family. After a heated exchange where her boss doesn't agree to apologize to Edith, Arati hands in her resignation letter composed before Subrata loses her job and storms off. On her way out of the office she meets Subrata and apologizes to him because of her actions and tells him that she feels scared of the future. Initially hesitant, Subarata realizes that his wife has shown courage rather than meekly submitting to cowardliness because of her needs. He placates Arati and tells her that he believes some day they both will get jobs to support their family.
Howling IV: The Original Nightmare	American	horror	John Hough	After experiencing visions of a nun, author Marie Adams (Romy Windsor) is in the middle of a meeting with her agent, Tom Billings (Antony Hamilton), when she has another vision of a wolf-like creature lunging from a fire, and begins to scream hysterically. Marie’s husband, Richard (Michael T. Weiss), discusses her condition with her doctor, agreeing that Marie’s overactive imagination is leading her into some dangerous territory. The doctor advises Richard to take Marie away from the pressures of her life for a few weeks. Richard locates a cottage in the small town of Drago, some hours from Los Angeles. Tom drives Marie there, but then departs quickly in the face of Richard. Marie looks around the cottage and declares it to be perfect; but that night, while she and Richard are making love, Marie is disturbed by the sound of howling out in the woods. The next day, Marie and Richard look around Drago, where they meet the mysterious Eleanor (Lamya Derval), a local artist who owns a shop of antiques and knick-knacks, and the Ormsteads, who run the local store. Marie takes her dog for a walk, and becomes distressed when he runs off. That night, Marie dreams of wolves, of herself running through the woods, and of the same nun of whom she had visions. Richard drives into Los Angeles for a meeting, and Marie spends time chatting with Mrs. Ormstead, who tells her about the previous couple to occupy the cottage, and that they left town without a word. Marie is walking home through the woods when, suddenly, she sees before her the nun of her visions. She runs after her – but it turns out to be Eleanor in a dark cape. Eleanor points out a shortcut to the cottage, which Marie takes. She discovers a cave on the way, and what’s left of her dog. In horror, Marie runs through the woods, suddenly aware that she is being pursued. At the cottage, Richard quiets his hysterical wife and checks outside, but sees nothing; not even the dark figure nearby. The next morning, Marie witnesses a strange apparition: an elderly man and woman who appear in her living-room and who warn her to go away. Marie is momentarily distracted by a car pulling up outside, and the next instant her ghostly visitors are gone. The newcomer is Janice Hatch (Susanne Severeid), who is holidaying in the area and is a fan of Marie’s writing. Marie invites her in and, as they are talking, mentions the howling that she hears at night. After some hesitation, Janice reveals that she used to be a nun, and that her closest friend, Sister Ruth (Megan Kruskal), disappeared over a year ago, only to be found in Drago speaking incoherently of the devil, and a bell, and the sound of howling. After a long illness, Ruth died without ever being able to explain what happened to her; and Janice, determined to discover the truth, left the convent. Marie is disturbed by the mention of a nun, and becomes even more so when Janice shows her a photograph of Sister Ruth: it is the nun from her visions. Meanwhile, Richard, becoming frustrated with Marie's instability and visions, becomes drawn to Eleanor and sleeps with her. Marie eventually learns that all the inhabitants of the village are werewolves and Sister Ruth was babbling Werewolves here rather than We're all in fear as everyone had assumed. When she tells Richard what she's learned, he angrily dismisses her claims and goes for a walk in the woods by their house. As he's walking, he sees Eleanor seemingly waiting for him. As the two begin to get intimate, the evil Eleanor transforms into a werewolf, bites Richard, and runs off. He stumbles back to the house and tells Marie he saw the werewolf. But that night after being examined by the town doctor, he claims he just fell down. Richard begins acting strangely and the next night as he's walking in the woods, transforms into a werewolf as the villagers, who are also revealed as werewolves look on and then attempt to attack Marie. Marie escapes and following the storyline of the original folk tale she lures the inhabitants to the local church using its bell and then burns them all alive, including Richard. The film ends with a burning werewolf lunging at Marie out of the fire just as she had foretold in her vision.
Dead Ringer	American	horror	Paul Henreid	At the funeral of her husband Frank, wealthy widow Margaret DeLorca (Bette Davis), meets up with her identical twin sister, dowdy and downbeat Edith Phillips (also played by Davis), from whom she has been estranged for 18 years. The two return to DeLorca's opulent mansion, where they argue about their falling out over Margaret's marriage to DeLorca, who originally courted Edith but had an affair with Margaret. Margaret had forced Frank to marry her by telling him she was pregnant with his child. However, Edith finds out from Margaret's chauffeur (George Chandler) that the couple were childless, and becomes resentful, realising how Margaret had trapped Frank into marriage. While Margaret now enjoys a life of ease and wealth, Edith is struggling financially; her business, a cocktail lounge, is losing money and she is threatened with eviction for not paying her bills. Later the same day, which is also the sisters' birthday, Edith rings Margaret and orders her to come over. Earlier in the evening, Edith had seen her boyfriend, police sergeant Jim Hobson (Karl Malden), when he gave her a wrist watch as a birthday present, but was hurt and puzzled because she didn't want to spend the evening with him. She had hurried him away in order to make preparations before Margaret's arrival, particularly altering her hairdo to the bob and bangs style Margaret has. When Margaret arrives, she admits there never really was a pregnancy, and Edith shoots her in the head. Jim, feeling uneasy, comes back just after the murder but hears what he assumes is the two sisters singing and joking together, and doesn't go up the stairs to check. What he has actually heard is Edith, aware of Jim's presence, pretending to talk to her sister as she exchanges their clothes and jewellery and sets the corpse up to look like a suicide. She has a pang of regret at having to take off the watch Jim gave her in order to put it on Margaret's wrist – not only is she having to part with his gift, but it signifies that her old life and everything in it, including Jim, is finished. She then returns to the DeLorca mansion and assumes Margaret's identity, but while superficially she appears to look, talk and act like Margaret, the staff notice differences, such as the house's Great Dane hating Margaret but taking to Edith immediately, and the fact that Edith, unlike Margaret, is a smoker. The maid (Paul Henreid's daughter Monika in a small role) is puzzled when her mistress chooses not to put her very valuable jewelry in the safe, not realizing of course that Edith has no idea what the combination is. Eventually, because of her failure to imitate her sister's signature, required for papers pertaining to Frank's estate, Edith is forced to purposely burn her hand on a poker she has heated in the fire, in order to have a plausible excuse not to sign her name with her right hand. Meanwhile, Jim visits Margaret several times, asking questions about the death of Edith, whom he loved. Edith is troubled about having to lie to Jim, who keeps commenting on the remarkable likeness between the sisters. She tries to offer him the wrist watch as a keepsake, a gesture Jim recoils from; it feels to him that Margaret is unaware of the significance of the watch, and it painfully reminds him of the birthday evening which was the last time, as far as he is concerned, that he ever saw Edith alive. Edith's scheme runs into unforeseen trouble when she discovers that Margaret had had a lover, Tony (Peter Lawford), a louche would-be playboy who unexpectedly turns up and very quickly sees through her charade. Tony blackmails Edith over the killing of Margaret, and receives very expensive jewelry as payment. Edith then learns that Margaret and Tony had conspired to murder Frank by poisoning him with arsenic. Tony and Edith quarrel; when he threatens her, Margaret's Great Dane attacks and kills him. Jim has become suspicious about DeLorca's death and leads an investigation in which the police eventually exhume Frank's body and find traces of arsenic. When Jim arrives to arrest her, Edith confesses her true identity. Jim is repulsed and does not believe her, telling her Edie would never hurt a fly. Henry, the faithful butler, is revealed to have known what was happening all along when he quietly asks what she would have him say at trial; she is touched and grateful that she has had a friend all through the deception, who even now is prepared to stand by her. Edith, as Margaret, is tried, found guilty of murder, and sentenced to death. Aware that she has indeed committed murder, although not the one she is being accused of, Edith submits to justice. As she is taken away from the courthouse, a troubled Jim approaches her and asks if she really is Edith. Because she loves him and wants to spare him any more doubt, or grief over losing her a second time, she enigmatically reminds him that Edith would never hurt a fly, and departs.
Black and White	American	crime	James Toback	Rich Bower (Power) is a mover and shaker in the world of rap music (he's involved with a number of other licit and illicit business ventures as well), and his apartment is a favored meeting place for musicians, hangers-on, and hipsters who want to seem cool, including a clique of white kids who want to be on the inside of what they consider the coolest scene of the day. Sam (Shields), a filmmaker, is making a documentary about Rich and his circle, with the help of her husband Terry (Downey), a closeted homosexual who doesn't feel at home in this milieu. Dean (Houston) is Rich's friend since childhood and a talented college basketball player. He is offered a deal by a bookmaker, Mark (Stiller) to throw a few games for a price. Dean takes the money against his better judgment, and he soon realizes how much of a mistake he made when Mark turns out to be a cop hoping to dig up dirt on Rich. Rich in turn discovers that Dean might be forced to tell what he knows to stay out of jail, and he decides that Dean has to be killed; however, rather than murder his friend himself, Rich asks one of the white kids who hangs out with him, who seems especially eager to prove himself, to do it for him. The kid, however, is actually the son of the District Attorney.
Decoration Day	American	drama	Robert Markowitz	James Garner plays a retired judge and recluse who comes out of hiding to investigate when his childhood friend (Bill Cobbs) refuses to accept a Medal of Honor awarded decades ago in World War II. His reason is kept in confidence and Garner's character files a motion to deny the ceremony. Meanwhile, the personal lives of the other characters have issues of their own to work out. In the end of things Cobbs' character is told of something he didn't know about and the two romantic side stories resolve in a positive fashion.
Slippy McGee	American	crime	Albert H. Kelley	After he and a pair of accomplices, Al and Red, pull a $50,000 diamond heist, Slippy McGee separates from them and plans to hide out for a while in Middleton, a small town. A motorcycle-riding priest, Father Shanley, gives him a lift, then expresses his gratitude after Slippy saves a young boy from being hit by a truck. In town, nurse Mary Hunter is asked by Dr. Moore to treat the newcomer's injuries. Slippy's monogram being noticed in his hat, he makes up the name Steve Martin on the spot. Mary's attentions to the patient stirs jealousy in suitor Tom Eustis, the richest man in town. Mary's rejection of his proposal infuriates Eustis, who sets out to ruin her father in business. Al and Red turn up in town and decide to rob the bank. Suspicion falls on Slippy, who confronts his former partners and ends up killing Red in self-defense. When he decides to turn himself in to the law, Mary and others from Middleton say they'll vouch for his character and expect his return.
Thinner	American	horror	Tom Holland	Billy Halleck (Robert John Burke) is an obese, upper-class lawyer living with his wife Heidi (Lucinda Jenney) and their daughter Linda (Bethany Joy Lenz). Billy recently defended an underworld crime boss named Richie The Hammer Ginelli (Joe Mantegna) in court and are now celebrating his acquittal for murder. The town he lives in is hosting a carnival, run by gypsies that some of the townspeople hold obvious prejudice against. Though Billy himself doesn't seem to. One night, while Billy is driving, Heidi, in an attempt to persuade him to forget about his obsession with food, performs fellatio on him. Distracted, Billy accidentally runs over Suzanne Lempke (Irma St. Paule), an elderly gypsy woman, as she leaves a local pharmacy. Since Judge Cary Rossington (John Horton) is a personal friend of his, he soft-pedals the case, and no charges are filed against him (the Sheriff also lied on the stand for him). Outraged by the injustice, Suzanne's 106-year-old father, Tadzu Lempke (Michael Constantine) curses Billy by touching his face and saying the word thinner. Billy begins to lose weight rapidly, despite him not working out or sticking to his diet. Heidi, fearing the weight loss may be due to cancer, brings in Dr. Mike Houston (Sam Freed), with whom Billy soon begins to suspect his wife is having an affair. It is revealed that Tadzu Lempke also cursed Judge Cary and Police Chief Duncan Hopely (Daniel von Bargen), who helped him avoid punishment in court. Cary, whose curse was Lizard, is now growing scales all over his body. Chief Duncan, whose curse was Leper becomes mutated with large boils and eventually commits suicide. Billy continues losing weight and calculates that he only has a few weeks to live. He begins eating even more compulsively to prolong the starvation. Billy looks for the gypsy carnival, to get Lempke to remove the curse, but they have gone. When Heidi continually mentions Dr. Houston, who is repeatedly visiting their home, Billy is convinced of her affair. He lashes out at her and blames her for the accident. He finds the gypsy camp and tries to reason with Lempke, but instead angers him into increasing the curse's effects. Galina, Lempke's great-granddaughter (Kari Wuhrer), uses her slingshot to shoot a large ball bearing which goes directly through Billy's hand, infuriating Billy into vowing revenge against Lempke and his gypsies. Billy then enlists Richie Ginelli's help. Richie pays Frank Spurton (Josh Holland), a local hustler, to go down to spy and report the gypsy camp. Ritchie then kills their dogs, and leaves a message demanding Billy's curse be removed. In retaliation, Galina and her husband Gabe kill Frank—insisting the curse will never be lifted. Richie vengefully brings a gun to the camp and personally begins opening fire on everything, then pushes Gabe out into the open to be accidentally shot and killed by his fellow gypsies. He then impersonates an FBI agent, kidnaps Galina and begins torturing her. He promises he will kill her if the curse is not taken off of Billy, then tells Lempke to meet Billy at the lighthouse. At the meeting, Lempke finds Billy emaciated and near death. To prevent further attacks on his people (especially his granddaughter), he finally agrees to lift the curse. Lempke explains that the curse cannot be removed, only transferred to another person. Chanting a spell, he mixes Billy's blood into a strawberry pie. Lempke states that after being consumed by an unsuspecting person, the pie causes painful but rapid death, and the curse will be lifted. He urges Billy to eat the pie himself and die with dignity, but Billy refuses. He calls Linda, telling her to spend the night at her friend's house, so that he and Heidi have the evening to themselves. He arrives home and presents to Heidi the strawberry pie, which happens to be her favorite flavor. She delightedly eats a piece, while Billy heads to bed, exhausted. The next morning, Billy finds Heidi's desiccated corpse next to him. He is gleeful to be free of the curse and of his disloyal wife. However, when he goes downstairs, he finds to his horror that Linda, who came home after he went to bed, had eaten some of the pie for breakfast. Wracked with guilt, he prepares to eat the rest of the pie. However, Billy is interrupted by Dr. Houston who is at the door. Seeing Billy, the doctor grows uncomfortable and struggles to explain his early and unannounced presence. Billy invites Houston in for a piece of pie, and closes the door with a smirk, after referring to Houston as white doctor from town in Lempke's dialect.
Lucky Numbers	American	crime	Nora Ephron	In 1988 Russ Richards (John Travolta), the weatherman for a Harrisburg, Pennsylvania television station, is revered as a local celebrity by his viewers, and fame affords him such perks as a reserved parking spot and his own booth at Denny's, where an omelet bears his name. His eternally optimistic demeanor conceals the fact his snowmobile dealership is on the verge of bankruptcy due to an unusually warm winter. His friend Gig (Tim Roth), a shady strip club owner, suggests an insurance scam will free Russ of his financial problems, but when the scheme fails to pay off, Russ finds himself even deeper in debt and the target of a hitman named Dale (Michael Rapaport). Gig then proposes Russ rig the Pennsylvania Lottery with the help of his amoral girlfriend Crystal Latroy (Lisa Kudrow), a ditzy model who pulls and announces the winning numbers on television, and her oddball cousin Walter (Michael Moore), who will pose as the owner of the lucky ticket. Their plan works, but before the $6.4 million jackpot can be claimed, everything begins to unravel. First, Walter gets greedy, refuses to hand the winning ticket over to his cousin and Crystal's physical confrontation triggers Walter's ultimately fatal asthma attack. Sleazy station manager Dick Simmons (Ed O'Neill), who also is sleeping with Crystal, tries to blackmail her and Russ when he discovers what they have done, and others who have uncovered what appears to be the worst kept secret in town demand their share as well. Mayhem and murder ensue, prompting lazy detectives Lakewood (Bill Pullman) and Chambers (Daryl Mitchell) to initiate an investigation they hope will not be too taxing. Russ decides to sell the ticket to Dick for $100,000 to get clear of the debt he owes to Dale. Crystal is irate, and she immediately seduces Dick to get back into her share of the winnings. Dale breaks into Dick's house and tries to rob the ticket from him, but the police arrive, and Lakewood ends up killing him. On his way home, Lakewood comes across Russ who has jackknifed and overturned an 18-wheeler as he tries to unload his snowmobile inventory on another dealer. Fearing Lakewood has come to arrest him, Russ flees with his $100,000 on a snowmobile but crashes into a tree. At the hospital, Lakewood gives him a ticket for operating the snowmobile without a license and explains what happened to Dick and Dale. Russ goes to Dick's hospital room and steals the lottery ticket back. He gives it to Wendy the waitress from Denny's (Maria Bamford) and moves to Florida where he becomes a successful host of a gameshow called Lucky Numbers.
The Transporter	American	action	Corey Yuen	Frank Martin (Jason Statham) is a highly skilled driver known as The Transporter. He will transport anything, no questions asked, always on time, and he is known as the best in the business. He strictly follows three rules when transporting: Rule Number 1: Don't change the deal., Rule Number 2: No names, and Rule Number 3: Never open the package. Frank with his BMW 7 Series (E38) (735i), has been hired to transport some robbers from a bank heist. On delivery to their destination, they hoist an extra man in the car; so he refuses to drive until, in desperation, the leader kills one of his men. Later they offer more money for Frank to drive farther from the city. He refuses the deal. The robbers escape in another car, and Frank leaves. When Frank returns to his villa, local police Inspector Tarconi (François Berléand) arrives to question Frank about the robbery. However, Tarconi has no concrete proof about the heist and leaves. Frank is then hired to deliver a package to an American gangster, Darren Wall Street Bettencourt (Matt Schulze). While changing a flat tire, he notices something moving in the package. Along the way, he opens the package and finds a beautiful woman, tied up and gagged with a strip of duct tape. She manages to escape but Frank recaptures her and incapacitates two policemen who spot them. He ties the policemen up and puts them in his trunk. He then delivers the package to Bettencourt as promised. Bettencourt then asks Frank to transport a briefcase - Frank accepts the job. The briefcase turns out to be a bomb that destroys his car, and kills the two policemen. Frank survives only due to his having stopped for lunch, then gone back in to buy sodas for the cops. Frank snaps and returns to Bettencourt's residence for vengeance. He kills and wounds several of his henchmen in a fight. He then steals a car to get away, only to find the package tied to a chair and tapegagged in the back seat. He brings her along to his house where she introduces herself as Lai (Shu Qi). Bettencourt visits one of his surviving men in hospital in order to determine who attacked his residence, before killing the man after discovering that Frank is alive. The next day, Tarconi arrives and asks about Frank's car. Lai says she is Frank's new cook and, afterwards, girlfriend, supporting Frank's alibi. Tarconi again leaves with no proof. Shortly after he leaves, Bettencourt's henchmen rain missiles down on the house. Frank and Lai barely escape, using scuba gear, to a nearby safe house Frank has prepared for such contingencies. Frank is very irritated by all the chaos Lai has brought into his life, but she makes it up to him with sex. After being questioned at the police station, Lai manages to sneak onto Tarconi's computer to access information on Bettencourt. Lai tells Frank that Bettencourt is a human trafficker, that he is shipping two containers full of Chinese people (including her family), and is planning to sell them into slavery. Lai and Frank go to Bettencourt's office, where Frank holds Bettencourt at gunpoint and asks him why he tried to kill him. Bettencourt replies that he didn't have a choice, since Frank opened the package. He also reveals that Lai's father, Kwai (Ric Young), is also a human trafficker and that they are partners. Kwai arrives and his henchmen subdue Frank just as Tarconi arrives at the office. When Tarconi enters the office, Lai's father and Bettencourt accuse Frank of kidnapping Lai. Tarconi has Frank arrested and locked up in the station. At the station, Tarconi agrees to aid Frank's escape as his faux hostage. Frank then tracks the criminals to the docks, where they load the containers onto trucks. However, Frank is spotted and is forced to fight his way through the guards, and fails to stop the trucks. He then steals a small airplane and parachutes onto one of the trucks. After a lengthy fight, Frank manages to kill Bettencourt and some of his henchmen, only to be ambushed by Kwai once he gets out of the truck. However, Frank is saved when Lai reluctantly shoots her father. Afterwards, Tarconi arrives with the police, and they rescue the people trapped inside the two containers.
The Glass Castle	American	drama	Destin Daniel Cretton	The unconventional, poverty-stricken upbringing Walls and her siblings had at the hands of their deeply dysfunctional parents.
Radio Cab Murder	British	crime	Vernon Sewell	After serving a term in prison for safe-cracking, Fred Martin finds work as a Taxicab driver. He is approached by a gang that recruits ex-cons, but, wishing to go straight, he informs the police and they send him undercover to join the gang and expose its leader. But the gang discovers Martin's identity and tries to kill him by locking him in a deep freezer. He is saved by his cabby friends who ride to the rescue and corner the crooks.[2]
Barry McKenzie Holds His Own	Australian	comedy	Bruce Beresford	The film continues directly where The Adventures of Barry McKenzie ended with Barry McKenzie (Barry Crocker) and his aunt Dame Edna returning home to Australia from England. During the flight two henchmen of Count Plasma (Donald Pleasence) (a Dracula-type Minister of Culture from the People's Republic of Transylvania) mistake Dame Edna for the Queen of England and kidnap her during their brief stopover in Paris, believing that she will draw tourists to their country. It is then up to Barry, his identical twin brother the Reverend Kevin McKenzie, his Parisian expatriate Aussie friend Col the Frog (Dick Bentley) and his other expatriate mates in France and England to head a team of Australian agents to be parachuted into Transylvania and rescue Edna. Barry and Edna return home to Australia and are greeted by Gough Whitlam and his wife. Whitlam makes Edna a dame.
Accident	British	drama	Joseph Losey	Stephen, a married Oxford tutor in his forties, has two students: the rich and likeable William, of whom he is fond, and a beautiful, enigmatic Austrian named Anna, whom he secretly covets. William also fancies Anna and hopes to know her better. Stephen, while his wife is away having their third child, looks up an old flame in London and they sleep together. Returning home, he finds that his pushy colleague Charley has broken in and is using it for sex with Anna. Her tryst discovered, she tells Stephen privately that she is getting engaged to William. Excited at his good fortune, William says he will call round to Stephen's house after a party that night. As William is too drunk to drive, Anna takes the wheel and crashes the car outside Stephen's gate. Upon finding the accident and William dead, Stephen pulls the deeply shaken Anna from the wreckage and hides her upstairs while he calls the police. When they have gone, he forces himself on her although she is still in shock and then takes her back to her rooms. He comes by in the morning to find a bemused Charley who cannot prevent Anna from packing to go back to Austria.
City Under the Sea	American	sci-fi	Jacques Tourneur	Around the turn of the century, American mining engineer Ben Harris is working on the Cornish coast in England when he finds a body washed up on the beach. Ben makes inquiries at the nearby hotel. While talking to the hotelier’s daughter, fellow American Jill Tregellis, and an eccentric artist, Harold Tufnell-Jones, a mysterious intruder appears but disappears. Later that night Jill is kidnapped by gill men. Ben, Harold and Harold's chicken follow the trail through a secret door into the caves under the house where they are sucked into a pool. They emerge in a cavernous city on the ocean floor. The city was built by a race of ancients who survive only as a breed of gill men. The city is now inhabited by a group of smugglers led by the cruel and tyrannical Captain who hid down there in 1803 and due to the strange mixture of oxygen have not aged in over a century. However, the volcano that powers the city has become unstable. The Captain now imprisons them until Ben can come up with a means of maintaining it. Dan, one of the Captain's men who wishes to leave, offers to help the two escape, provided they use their influence to secure him a full pardon for his past crimes of smuggling. The Captain finds out and reveals that because of the gas they've breathed for so long, exposure to sunlight would cause them to age rapidly and die. Dan is then sent to the surface as a means of execution while Ben and Harold are granted an audience with Jill. Whereupon they meet Rev. Jonathan Ives, who had vanished several decades ago from the surface. The Captain it is shown is under the delusion that Jill is his deceased wife Beatrice, who he believes has returned to him. Realising though that Ben and Harold are untrustworthy, the Captain decides to allow the Gill Men to sacrifice the two as a means to appease the volcano's wrath. While they await this, Jill and Ives free them and Ives instructs them all on how to escape the city. The three make it to the airlock and trek across the ocean floor to a cave, containing a tunnel that leads to the surface. The Captain and his men pursue them there, but frequent volcanic eruptions cause rockfalls that bury him and his men. Ben and his friends decide to return to the sea and attempt to reach shore on foot. The Captain meanwhile digs himself free and follows the tunnel to the surface, where the sunlight does indeed age him to death. Ben and the rest make it to shore and watch as the volcano erupts, finally destroying the city.
Puella Magi Madoka Magica (Part 1)	Japanese	animation	Akiyuki Shinbo	In the fictional city of Mitakihara, Japan, a middle school student named Madoka Kaname and her friend Sayaka Miki encounter a small, cat-like creature named Kyubey. It offers a contract in which a girl may have any wish granted in exchange for obtaining magical powers and being tasked with fighting against witches. Meanwhile, a transfer student and magical girl named Homura Akemi tries to stop Madoka from making the contract with Kyubey at all costs. Madoka and Sayaka then meet Mami Tomoe, an upperclassman at the same school who is also a magical girl and offers to bring them along on her witch hunts so that they may learn of the responsibilities that come with being a magical girl. As Madoka contemplates accepting the contract with Kyubey, she witnesses the death of Mami at the hands of a witch and realizes that a magical girl's life is filled with danger, anguish, and suffering. This is further enforced by the appearance of Kyoko Sakura, a veteran magical girl whose wish indirectly caused the death of her family. Madoka also discovers that not only do magical girls give up their souls to form their Soul Gems, the source of their magic, but when those Soul Gems become too tainted with despair, they transform into the very witches they fight against. This is exemplified when Sayaka, heavily disillusioned with the current state of the world, falls into an irrecoverable despair that turns her into a witch. It is then revealed that Kyubey's alien race is harvesting the emotions from magical girls to use as energy to counteract the spread of entropy. Madoka also learns that Homura is a magical girl from a different timeline who has repeated the same month countless times in order to try to save Madoka from a grisly fate. After these revelations, Madoka decides to become a magical girl with the wish to stop all witches in the past, present, and future before they are created. The scope of this wish rewrites history and the laws of the universe, and her existence as a human girl is erased from time. Instead, she transcends into a cosmic phenomenon called The Law of Cycles, which appears to all magical girls at the moment before they become witches and rescues them by taking them away to a heavenly paradise. In the new reality that is formed, Homura is the only one who remembers Madoka.
Pasi	South_Korean	drama	Choi In-kyu	Manian, a cycle-rickshaw puller, is a road-side dweller along with his wife Valliamma and their seven children – two daughters and five sons. Despite being the sole breadwinner of his family, Manian spends the majority of his meager earnings on liquor. His wife struggles to make ends meet with the remaining amount. Her friend Rakkamma, a street food vendor, lends financial support to Valliamma's family. The educated Krishna, one of Manian's sons, elopes with a girl and separates himself from the family. Manian's daughter Kuppamma along with her friend Chellamma contribute a small income to the family by picking up rags on the roads. Rangan, a kindhearted lorry driver, befriends Kuppamma and offers assistance to her whenever she is in need of any help. They both get close to each other and their friendship leads to a physical relationship. When Valliamma gets to know this, she commits suicide fearing that Kuppamma's act has brought disgrace to the family. Meanwhile, Kuppamma gets shocked when she learns that Rangan is already married. With an intention to not disclose Rangan's identity, she keeps herself away from him. During this time, Kuppamma finds out that she's pregnant. Despite the advice of fellow road-side dwellers to abort the child, she refuses to do so. She also protects Rangan's identity by informing her relatives that her lover had died in an accident. Knowing that she is about to deliver their child, Kuppamma wishes to meet Rangan. But Rangan had relocated to another locality after she turned down his support. When Rangan's wife gets to know of the relationship, she empathises with Kuppamma and insists that Rangan bring her to their home. When Rangan reaches the slum, he finds Kuppamma in throes of labour pain. Kuppamma dies soon after, upon delivering their child. Rangan and his wife then decide to adopt the child as penance for Rangan's sins.
They Wait	Canadian	horror	Ernie Barbarash	Married couple Sarah (King) and Jason (Chen), and son Sammy (Oey), travel to Vancouver for the funeral of Uncle Raymond (Foo). During this time, Sammy begins to see ghosts and falls gravely ill, his illness coinciding with the Chinese festival of Ghost Month. After traditional western medicine fails to help Sammy, Sarah turns to a mysterious pharmacist who tells her that her son is held in a death grip by a living corpse. Sarah now must find what the spirits want before the last day of Ghost Month, or Sammy will be lost forever.
 Cake: A Wedding Story	American	comedy	Will Wallace	When two star-crossed lovers, set on eloping, are forced into having a big wedding, the bride develops a plan of her own. Unfortunately, the groom is not privy to the plan. Meanwhile, family and friends start to take sides at a reception for a wedding that never took place.[3]
Padre de Familia	Filipino	drama	Adolfo Alix Jr.	The film starts with Noel (Coco Martin) leaving for Malaysia as an OFW, he lands a job as a taxi driver and meets a woman named Pia (Julia Montes), who was crying as she rode the cab. Meanwhile, in the Philippines, Noel's mother, Aida (Nora Aunor) is receiving his remittances and pasalubongs so she could take care of his siblings (Miles Ocampo , Manuel Chua), and the extended family like his hot-headed aunt Ramona (Rosanna Roces) and his grandmother (Anita Linda). Pia rides Noel's cab for the second time and he discovers that she is from the Philippines like him. The two start dating after seeing each other more from then. He tells her about his father who also worked as an OFW but never returned, pushing him to work abroad as the new breadwinner of the family. Later on, she tells Noel that she has a partner and a child back home, which Noel didn't seem to mind. Aida receives a letter which she appeared not to expect getting. After receiving it, she starts shopping for new clothes and grooming herself. She also meets Job (Joem Bascon), a much younger guy who works at the market and falls in love with him. The conflict began when Aida decided to take Job to be her partner, and took the young man to live with the entire family – much to the dismay of Ramona. The plot thickens when Pia decides to leave Noel and go back to the Philippines after her work contract in Malaysia ended. Noel also went home one day and gets furious upon finding out that his mother is cheating on his father with a younger man. The content of the letter Aida received was revealed when she responded to her son's anger. They find out that Ben (Joel Torre) is alive, so Noel went to where his father was and took him home. He also searched for Pia and found out that her husband Raymond (Baron Geisler) is abusive, so he makes an effort to take her away from him. However, the husband finds out and beats him up. Later on, Romana learns that Aida has not been paying the bills to get their house back after it has been pawned. This results to a feud that gives the grandmother a heart attack, eventually killing her. Ben tells the family that the money Noel has been giving to Aida went to his medication and new family, and that she was not spending it for Job. Noel and his mother sort things out right before Raymond set their house on fire. The story ends with Noel and his family, finally together with Pia and her child in a new house, with Noel getting ready to back to Malaysia once again to work and support them financially.
Pet Sematary Two	American	horror	Mary Lambert	Following the accidental death of his mother Renee during production of her latest film, thirteen-year-old Jeff Matthews and his veterinarian father Chase move to Renee's hometown of Ludlow, Maine. He is introduced to belligerent town sheriff Gus Gilbert and his stepson Drew, whom Gus abuses relentlessly. Jeff also draws the ire of local bully Clyde Parker, who tells him about the story of the Creed family and the legend of the Micmac burial ground. One night, Gus shoots and kills Drew's beloved dog Zowie when he disturbs his pet rabbits. Drew asks Jeff to help him bury the dog in the burial ground to see if the rumors are true that it can resurrect the dead. Zowie does indeed return from the dead, but he is uncharacteristically fierce. Chase treats Zowie for his gunshot wound, which refuses to heal; even more bizarre is the fact that Zowie has no heartbeat. Chase sends a sample of Zowie's blood to a lab. It turns out that Zowie's cells have completely deteriorated and are no different from those of a dead canine. Jeff and Drew go to the pet cemetery on Halloween for a night of horror stories with local boys. When Gus finds out that Drew's mother allowed him to go despite being (unfairly) grounded, he rushes to the cemetery and breaks up the party. He attacks his stepson, but just as he is about to hit him with a grave marker, Zowie appears. The dog fatally mauls Gus, whom the boys subsequently bury at the Indian cemetery. Gus returns to life; he now moves stiffly and rarely speaks, but treats Drew better. Gus becomes increasingly crude and sadistic, sexually assaulting Drew's mother and brutally skinning his pet rabbits for supper. Zowie breaks out of the veterinary clinic and kills three cats, before entering Chase's home and attacking him. A day later, Jeff encounters Clyde – who is about to sever Jeff's nose using the wheel-spokes of his own bicycle when Gus shows up. He sends Jeff home, then murders Clyde as Drew looks on. Gus then pursues Drew to their house, where the boy is trapped with the savage Zowie. He escapes through a window just as his mother arrives home in her car, and the two take off. Gus pursues them at high speed in his police car, then kills them by ramming their car into an oncoming potato truck. Gus then returns to Clyde's body and puts it in a body bag, intending to take it to the burial ground as well. After Drew's funeral, Jeff decides to reanimate his mother by using the Indian burial ground`s power. Gus exhumes her corpse, and brings it to Jeff at the burial ground. When Chase hears that his wife's grave has been robbed by Gus, he rushes to the Gilbert house. There he is attacked by Zowie and Gus, and he shoots and kills them both. Upon coming back to life, Renee stabs and kills Marjorie Hargrove – the Matthews' housekeeper. Jeff confronts his undead mother in the attic, and they embrace. Chase arrives home and urges Jeff to get away from Renee, who says she wants to spend quality time with her husband. An undead Clyde arrives and, after knocking Chase out, tries to kill Jeff; first with an axe, and then with an ice-skate. Renee locks Chase and both boys in the attic, which she then sets on fire. Jeff kills Clyde with a severed livewire, then breaks down the attic door to escape. Renee wants Jeff to stay and join her in death, saying she loves him. But Jeff drags his father out of the house as Renee is destroyed by the flames while shrieking Dead is better!. In the final scene, a recovering Chase locks up his veterinary clinic, then he and his son leave Ludlow behind.
Superman III	American	action	Richard Lester	Gus Gorman, a chronically unemployed ne'er do well, discovers a talent for computer programming, and is hired at the Metropolis-based Webscoe. Gus embezzles from his employer, bringing him to the attention of CEO Ross Webster. Webster is intrigued by Gus's potential to help him rule the world financially. Joined by sister Vera and psychic nutritionist Lorelei Ambrosia, Ross blackmails Gus into helping him. Clark Kent convinces his Daily Planet boss, Perry White, to let him return to Smallville for his high-school reunion. En route, as Superman, he extinguishes a fire in a chemical plant containing unstable Beltric acid, which produces corrosive vapor when superheated. At the reunion, Clark is reunited with childhood friend Lana Lang, a divorcée with a young son named Ricky, and harassed by Brad Wilson, her ex-boyfriend. Infuriated by Colombia's refusal to do business with him, Ross orders Gus to command Vulcan, an American weather satellite, to create a tornado to destroy Colombia's coffee crop for the next several years. Gus travels to Smallville to use the offices of WheatKing, a subsidiary of Webscoe, to reprogram the satellite. Though Vulcan creates a devastating storm, Ross's scheme is thwarted when Superman neutralizes it, saving the harvest. Ross orders Gus to use his computer knowledge to create Kryptonite, remembering Lois Lane's Daily Planet interview with Superman. Gus uses Vulcan to analyze Krypton's debris; he discovers that one of the elements of Kryptonite is an unknown compound, and substitutes tar. Lana convinces Superman to appear at Ricky's birthday party, but Smallville turns it into a town celebration. Gus and Vera, disguised as Army officers, give Superman the Kryptonite, though it appears ineffective. Superman soon becomes selfish, focusing on his lust for Lana, causing him to delay rescuing a truck driver from a jackknifed rig hanging from a bridge. Superman becomes depressed, upset, and casually destructive, committing petty acts of vandalism, such as blowing out the Olympic Flame, and straightening the Leaning Tower of Pisa. Gus, feeling used, gives Ross crude plans for a supercomputer and Ross agrees to build it in return for Gus creating an oil embargo by directing all oil tankers to the middle of the Atlantic Ocean until further notice. When the captain of one tanker insists on maintaining his original course, Ross has Lorelei seduce Superman into waylaying the tanker and breaching the hull, causing a massive oil spill. The villains decamp to the computer's location in Glen Canyon. Superman goes on a drinking binge, is overcome by guilt, and suffers a nervous breakdown. In a junkyard, Superman splits into two personas: the immoral, corrupted Superman and the moral, righteous Clark Kent. They engage in a battle, ending when Clark strangles his evil identity. Restored to his normal self, Superman repairs the damage his counterpart caused. After defending himself from rockets and an MX missile, Superman confronts Ross, Vera, and Lorelei. Gus's supercomputer identifies him as a threat and attempts to determine his weakness, unleashing a beam of pure Kryptonite. Guilt-ridden and horrified by the prospect of going down in history as the man who killed Superman, Gus destroys the Kryptonite ray with a firefighter's axe, whereupon Superman flees. The computer becomes self-aware, defending itself against Gus's attempts to disable it. Ross and Lorelei escape the control room, but Vera is transformed into a cyborg. Vera attacks her brother and Lorelei with beams of energy that immobilize them. Superman returns with a canister of the Beltric acid. Superman places the canister by the supercomputer, which does not resist as it suspects no danger. The intense heat emitted by the supercomputer causes the acid to turn volatile, destroying the supercomputer. Superman flies away with Gus, leaving Ross and his cronies to the authorities, and drops Gus off at a West Virginia coal mine. Superman returns to Metropolis. As Clark, he pays a visit to Lana, who has found employment as Perry White's new secretary. He is attacked by Brad, who has stalked Lana to Metropolis, only to end up falling into a room service cart. He restores the Leaning Tower of Pisa, and the film ends with Superman flying into the sunrise for further adventures.
Kiss Me Sergeant	British	comedy	Monty Banks	In India, a British soldier saves the jewelled eye of a sacred idol.
Priyamaina Neeku	Telugu	romance	Balasekaran	Ganesh (Tarun) is a carefree college youth from Hyderabad (Coimbatore in Tamil Version), whose life revolves around friends and doing good deeds for them and upsetting his father (Tanikella Bharani/Pyramid Natarajan). One day he fumbles upon a Red diary in his father's auction shop. It is a diary left behind unknowingly by Sandhya (Sneha). The entire first half is narrated through the diary in this film. Sandhya is staying in the house opposite to that of Aishwarya (Jhansi), who is the sister of Ganesh. She falls in love with Ganesh after listening to his melodious guitar play. But Ganesh is unaware of her love and he never uses to interact with her. She is also a shy girl, who never let Ganesh know about her feelings. Sireesha (Preetha Vijayakumar) is the younger sister of Sandhya, who is studying in a hostel. When she comes home for holidays, she gets jealous of Sandhya for loving Ganesh and she wanted to grab him from her. Sireesha assures Sandhya that she will liaison the love of Sandhya between Ganesh and her and plays a double game by playing tricks on Ganesh to attract him. Meantime, the father of Sandhya and Sireesha gets transferred to Vishakhapatnam (Chennai in Tamil Version). Sandhya asks Sireesha to tell Sandhya's love to Ganesh. Sireesha proposes to Ganesh and gets rejected. Sandhya, who witnessed the entired episode secretly, feels cheated by the betrayal of her own sister. At the same time, Sandhya stays away from proposing to Ganesh for the fear of rejection. The family of Sandhya moves to Vishakhapatnam. In the transfer process her diary gets misplaced. After knowing that Sandhya is his secret admirer, Ganesh recognizes the purity in her love and wants to meet her and propose his love to her. He gets off to Vishakhapatnam along with his friend Venu alias Chacha (Venu Madhav). There he finds a mutual friend named Raghu (Sivaji) and stays in his house. Raghu is a rich bachelor in Bheemunipatnam, Vishakhapatnam (Thiruvottiyur, Chennai in Tamil Version), who stays with his parents and is very good at heart. As Ganesh explores his secret mission of finding Sandhya, Raghu gets engaged to the unwilling Sandhya. Later on Raghu comes to know that Ganesh is there to search his silent admirer. Ganesh know that Raghu is marrying Sandhya. Being a good friend, he does not want to betray him. Sandhya has agreed to marriage since she does not want to make the things worse for her father and sister. But she still loves Ganesh. Sireesha wants to amend the mistake she has done. She searches for Ganesh to unite them. Things are still unsure and hazy as Sandhya and Raghu are going to tie the knot in a few minutes. In the end, Sireesha tells everything and marries Raghu while Sandhya and Ganesh unite.
Death Race	American	action	Paul W. S. Anderson	In 2012, the collapse of the US economy and the subsequent increase in crime rates leads to the rise of privatized prisons. One such prison is Terminal Island Penitentiary, whose warden, Claire Hennessey, earns her profits by broadcasting a modern gladiator game participated in by the prisoners. In the game Death Race, the racers, along with their navigators, compete in a three-part race over three days on a closed track. The track is littered with pressure plates that activate either the cars' offensive weapons, defensive equipment or deadly traps. Any racer winning five races will be granted freedom. Towards the end of one race, a masked driver nicknamed Frankenstein is nearing the finish line, pursued by his rival Machine Gun Joe. His navigator, Case, reports that all his defensive equipment have malfunctioned. Against her protest, Frankenstein refuses to let Joe finish first. Case ejects herself out of the car just before Joe destroys it. Industrial worker, ex-con and former NASCAR driver Jensen Ames struggles to support his family. When the steel mill he works at is closed, he and his fellow angry workers are attacked by the arriving riot police, forcing them to fight back. He returns home to his wife and their new-born daughter, Piper. A masked assailant knocks him unconscious. Jensen wakes up with a bloodied knife in hand, and his wife lies dead nearby, just before policemen storm into his home. He is arrested and sentenced to life imprisonment, while Piper is placed in foster care. Six months later, Jensen is transferred to Terminal Island Prison. He immediately gets into a fight with Pachenko and his Aryan Brotherhood gang. Hennessey's right-hand man Ulrich calls Jensen to her office. She tells him that Frankenstein died from his injuries after the previous race, and offers to let Jensen go free if he impersonates Frankenstein to win one more race (as Frankenstein had already won four). Jensen accepts the offer and meets Frankenstein's maintenance crew consisting of Coach, Gunner, and Lists, who explains the main reason she needs Jensen is that the profits and audience of Death Race has halved since Frankenstein's disappearance. On Day 1, Jensen meets his navigator Case. Jensen's defensive equipment again mysteriously malfunctions. Under attack by Travis Colt, one of the other competitors, Jensen improvises and spills napalm over Colt's car, and has Case ignite it with the cigarette lighter. Colt's car is then run into by Machine Gun Joe's. When Jensen sees Pachenko doing the same hand gesture as the masked assailant (making Jensen realize it was Pachenko that killed his wife), he is distracted and is hit by Joe, coming in last place. Day 1 ends with three racers dead (Siad, Grimm, and Colt) and six remaining. After a conversation with Hennessey and another fight with Pachenko, Jensen deduces that Hennessey ordered Pachenko to frame Jensen, so she can have a replacement for Frankenstein. On Day 2, Jensen confronts Case about the malfunctions. Case admits she sabotaged Frankenstein's car to keep him from winning and leaving Death Race, in exchange for her release papers, but that he was only supposed to lose and that he won the last race at the cost of his life. Jensen tricks Pachenko into crashing, then leaves his car and kills Pachenko by snapping his neck. Hennessey then unleashes the Dreadnought, a newly-built heavily armed 18-wheel tanker, to thin out the racers and boost ratings. The Dreadnought kills three more racers (Carson, Riggins, and 14K), leaving only Frankenstein and Joe alive. Jensen contacts Joe and the two work together to trigger a trap which destroys the Dreadnought, much to Hennessey's shock and anger. Aware that he knows her angle, Hennessey asks Jensen to consider staying and racing as Frankenstein, in exchange for a life of comfort compared to attempting to put his old life back together, but he refuses. She orders Ulrich to plant a bomb under his car in case he wins, knowing that she can always find other people to impersonate Frankenstein. Knowing Hennessey has no intention of letting him go (and figuring out that no one will ever win five races, as sooner or later they all get killed), Jensen plans an escape and talks to Joe. On the final race, Hennessey deliberately keeps Jensen from activating his weapons and allows Joe to activate his. Jensen, Case and Joe destroy and drive through a weakened wall, discovered by examining footage of the first race, and head for the bridge to the mainland. Hennessey activates the bomb, not knowing that it was removed and neutralized by Coach. The cars wreck the pursuing police cruisers, and a furious Hennessey dispatches attack helicopters. After the cars make it to the mainland and split up, the helicopters follow Jensen's car under Hennessey's orders. Case reveals that she had already received her release papers. She wears Frankenstein's costume, and Jensen jumps out of the car before the helicopters corner her. Case is captured while Joe and Jensen escape on a freight train. Hennessey, although furious about the losses, is happy about re-capturing Frankenstein and the race's success. She opens a congratulatory present, only to find the bomb she had planted on Jensen's car. Coach, the sender, detonates the bomb, killing Hennessey and Ulrich along with the media room. He then turns to the camera and, breaking the fourth wall, states I love this game. With Hennessey and Ulrich's deaths, the future of Death Race becomes uncertain, and Jensen's name is cleared. Six months later, Joe and Jensen are shown working in Mexico as mechanics, and have been reunited with Case and Piper.
Movie 43	American	comedy	See Segments	Movie 43 is a series of different sketches containing different scenes and scenarios. The film is composed of multiple comedy shorts presented through an overarching segment titled The Pitch, in which Charlie Wessler (Dennis Quaid), a mad screenwriter, is attempting to pitch a script to film executive Griffin Schraeder (Greg Kinnear). After revealing several of the stories in his script, Wessler becomes agitated when Schraeder dismisses his outrageous ideas, and he pulls a gun on him and forces him to listen to multiple other stories before making Schraeder consult his manager, Bob Mone (Common), to purchase the film. When they do so, Mone's condescending, humiliating attitude toward Schraeder angers him to the point that, after agreeing to make the film the biggest film since Howard the Duck, he confronts Mone in the parking lot with a gun and tries to make him perform fellatio on the security guard (Will Sasso) (Wessler had gotten on the lot by doing the same thing) and kill him if he does not make the film. Wessler tries to calm Schraeder down with more story ideas to no avail, but Mone pulls out a gun and shoots Schraeder to death. The segment ends with it being revealed that it is being shot by a camera crew as part of the movie, leading into the final segments. The structure of the film released in some countries, like the United Kingdom and the Netherlands, differs. Instead of a pitch, the films are connected by a group of three teenagers searching for the most banned film in the world, Movie 43, which will ultimately lead to the destruction of civilization.[5] Calvin Cutler (Mark L. Young) and his friend J.J. (Adam Cagley) make a video in the style of MTV's Jackass and upload it on YouTube where it instantly reaches over 1,000,000 views. This turns out to be an April Fool's prank from Calvin's younger brother Baxter (Devin Eash), who cloned YouTube and hyper-inflated the views while working on his science project. Calvin and J.J. attempt to get revenge. They tell Baxter of a film that's so dangerous it will cause the annihilation of the world. The movie is known as Movie 43. While J.J. and Baxter look for Movie 43 on Google, Calvin retrieves Baxter's laptop and loads it with viruses from porn sites, and masturbates to a strip tease video on the porn sites in a bathroom. Baxter finds hundreds of results for Movie 43 on a website referred to by him as a dark corner of the Internet. They find the sketches starting from the 43rd search on the list of results. As he and J.J. keep watching videos, they are interrupted by a man known as Vrankovich (Fisher Stevens) and a group of Chinese mobsters (Tim Chou and James Hsu) who are tempted to find Movie 43, even going as far as to take J.J.'s classmate Stevie Schraeder (Nate Hartley), film executive Griffin Schraeder's oldest son, hostage. Vrankovich warns them that if they find Movie 43, civilization will be left to ruins. They ignore his claims and keep searching. They eventually find the real, the one and only Movie 43, which turns out to involve Baxter as a profane commando who leads a group of recruits to survive after the world has ended. As Calvin finishes ruining Baxter's laptop, their mother (Beth Littleford) enters, wearing the same shirt and shorts that the woman in the strip tease video wore, causing Calvin to flip out after realizing that he had masturbated to a video of his mother. He also has visions, and finds semen from his erect crotch on his hand causing him to stare at his hand in shock and horror. Afterward, a deadly earthquake rumbles and mankind is lost. However, a few years later the only survivor, a crippled Calvin, finds Baxter's laptop still working despite viral infections. He watches the last remaining skits on the laptop. This version of the film was released in the U.S. as part of the Blu-ray Disc of Movie 43 as an unrated alternate cut of the film. Beth (Kate Winslet) is a single businesswoman who goes on a blind date with Davis (Hugh Jackman), the city's most eligible bachelor. When the two arrive together at a restaurant, Beth is shocked when he removes his scarf, revealing a pair of testicles dangling from his neck. Over dinner it confuses her that Davis fails to acknowledge his anatomical abnormality, and that nobody seems to be surprised by it. When two friends of Davis (Roy Jenkins and Katie Finneran) come by, one of them convinces him to give Beth a kiss. Davis agrees, but when he kisses her, his neck-testicles are dangling near Beth's mouth, causing her to scream and budge out of the kiss. Having recently moved, Sean (Alex Cranmer) and Clare (Julie Ann Emery) have coffee with their new neighbors. The neighbors, Robert (Liev Schreiber) and Samantha (Naomi Watts) have a teenage son, Kevin (Jeremy Allen White), whom they have home-schooled. Sean and Clare begin inquiring about the homeschooling, and the numerous manners in which Robert and Samantha have replicated a full high school experience within their home, going as far as hazing, bullying, and giving out detentions, are revealed. They believe the experience should be as awkward as possible, like real high school. This includes throwing parties that exclude Kevin, Samantha instigating Kevin's first kiss and Robert revealing romantic feelings for Kevin. Visibly disturbed, the neighbors end up meeting Kevin, who says he is going out and gives them the impression that all is fine: until he reveals a doll made of a mop with Samantha's face on it, referring to the doll as his girlfriend. Julie (Anna Faris) and Doug (Chris Pratt) have been in a relationship for a year. When he attempts to propose to her, she reveals to him that she is a coprophiliac, and asks him to defecate on her in the bedroom. Urged by his best friend Larry (J.B. Smoove) and others to go along with it, he eats a large meal and drinks a bottle of laxative prior to the event. Wanting foreplay, Julie is angered when Doug wants to finish, and she runs into the street. Chasing after her, he is then hit by a car and graphically evacuates his bowels everywhere. She cradles him and apologizes; covered and surrounded by his excrement on the road, she exclaims that it is the most beautiful thing she has ever seen and accepts his marriage proposal. (In the end credits, Julie and Doug are mistakenly renamed Vanessa and Jason by Rocky Russo, Jeremy Sosenko, Steve Carr, Peter Farrelly, and Charles B. Wessler). Neil (Kieran Culkin) is working a night shift at a local grocery store. His ex-girlfriend, Veronica (Emma Stone), comes through his line and the two begin arguing, which soon turns into sexual discussion and flirtation as they lament over their relationship; unbeknownst to them, Neil's intercom microphone broadcasts the entire explicit conversation throughout the store, where various elderly people and vagrants tune in. After she leaves in tears, the customers agree to cover his shift while he goes after her. A developing company is having a meeting in their headquarters over their newly released product, the iBabe, which is a life-sized, realistic replica of a nude woman which functions as an MP3 player. The boss (Richard Gere) listens to his various workers (Kate Bosworth, Aasif Mandvi and Jack McBrayer) argue over the placement of a fan that was built into the genital region of the iBabe, which is dismembering the penises of teenage boys who attempt to have sex with them. The board members then agree to strongly emphasize the dangers of the product via its new commercials. Robin (Justin Long) and his cohort Batman (Jason Sudeikis) are in Gotham City at a speed dating establishment seeking out a bomb threat by their nemesis, Penguin (John Hodgman). While Robin attempts to connect with various women through speed dating including Lois Lane (Uma Thurman) and Supergirl (Kristen Bell), Batman encounters his ex Wonder Woman (Leslie Bibb) and attempts to stop Penguin from detonating Supergirl, who later turns out to be the Riddler (Will Carlough) in disguise, which Batman already knew and was screwing with Robin, who kissed her moments before unveiling. A faux-Public service announcement about children stuck in machines and how adults' criticism of these particular machines affect the feelings of the children stuck inside the machines. This commercial was paid for by the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children Inside Machines. Nathan (Jimmy Bennett) and Amanda (Chloë Grace Moretz) are watching television after school at Nathan's house as their first middle school date. When they begin to kiss, his older brother Mikey (Christopher Mintz-Plasse) enters the living room and makes fun of them. Amanda then discovers she is menstruating and tries to hide it, and when Nathan sees blood on her pants, he panics and believes her to be bleeding to death, causing a debacle, which would later have Nathan and Mikey's father Steve (Patrick Warburton) and Amanda's father (Matt Walsh) involved. Amanda calls them out on their stupidity and feels embarrassed to know that she's getting her first period in front of them and they don't know what to do about it. When she leaves with her father, Nathan yells that the process of keeping the lining of her internal organs intact by inserting his erect phallus into her vagina is much too complicated and Mikey agrees. Steve cheers them up by farting in front of them. As Mikey goes to the bathroom, Nathan and Steve watch a game on television, which has a very graphic Tampax commercial in which a girl gets eaten by a shark due to her menstruating. Another faux-commercial involving two women who go swimming in the sea. As the women submerge into the water, a great shark suddenly appears and eats one of the women. A tagline appears, reading: Tampax. Now Leak-Proof Pete (Johnny Knoxville) captures a leprechaun (Gerard Butler) for his roommate Brian (Seann William Scott) as a birthday present. After tying the leprechaun up in the basement, they demand he give them a pot of gold. The obscene leprechaun threatens that his brother is coming to save him. When he arrives, Brian and Pete are shot at but ultimately kill both leprechauns. At the end of the segment, Pete reveals he has also caught a fairy (Esti Ginzburg) who performs fellatio for gold coins. Donald (Stephen Merchant) and Emily (Halle Berry) are on a date together at a Mexican restaurant. Tired of typical first dates, Emily challenges Donald to a game of truth or dare. She dares him to grab a man's buttocks, and he follows with daring her to blow out the birthday candles on a blind boy's cake. The game rapidly escalates to extremes, in which both of them get plastic surgery and tattoos, and humiliate themselves. When Donald and Emily arrive back at Emily's apartment, they praise their date. Donald tries to kiss her, but she rejects him, claiming she's not attracted to Asian men (which he was surgically altered to resemble). It is revealed that she was joking and invites him to have sex with her as she shows him her enlarged breasts. Set in 1959, Coach Jackson (Terrence Howard) is lecturing his all-black basketball team before their first game against an all-white team. Worried about losing the game, the timid players are lectured by the coach about their superiority in the sport over their white counterparts, which he expresses vulgarly. When the game ensues, the all-white team loses miserably yet rejoices in a single point they earn. Played mid-credits, Amy (Elizabeth Banks) worries that her boyfriend Anson's (Josh Duhamel) cat, Beezel (an animated cartoon), is coming between their relationship. Beezel seems to detest Amy and anyone who comes between him and Anson, but Anson only sees Beezel as innocent. One day, Amy witnesses Beezel masturbating to summer vacation photos of Anson in a swimsuit. Beezel attacks her and violently urinates on her. Anson still finds his pet innocent but Amy threatens to leave if he doesn't get rid of Beezel. Caring more about his relationship, Anson agrees to find a new home for him. That night, from a closet, Beezel tearfully watches the couple make love (whilst sodomizing himself with a hairbrush and dry humping a stuffed teddy bear). The next day when it comes time to take Beezel away, he is nowhere to be found. Amy goes outside to look. Beezel then runs her over with a truck and attempts to shoot her to death with a shotgun, but she chases him into the street and begins beating him with a shovel, which is witnessed by a group of children attending a birthday party at a neighboring house. When Anson approaches to see what is happening, Amy tries to explain Beezel's motives. Beezel acts innocent and Anson sides with his cat. The children of the party then attack and murder Amy for beating up Beezel, stabbing her with plastic forks. Anson grabs Beezel, as Beezel again fantasizes about French kissing his owner. In this segment that was cut from the film, Maude (Julianne Moore) and George (Tony Shalhoub) are looking for their breast-flashing daughter Susie (Jordanna Taylor) with the help of the private eye (Bob Odenkirk), who is behind the camera with only one clue which is a small video that features their daughter. The scene was included as an extra on the DVD and Blu-ray release. The second segment that was cut from the film follows Wayne (Anton Yelchin), a shy apprentice mortician who is secretly a necrophiliac at the hospital he works at. One night, a body he's having sex with is brought back to life from the pressure of his thrusts. His supervisor Bob (Shane Jacobson) suddenly walks in and mistakenly believes that Wayne has performed a life-saving operation of some kind. The staff at the hospital and the media congratulate him while a news reporter asks what he did to save her. Unable to conjure an answer, one of the cops on scene tells everyone else they can just watch the security tapes to find out. As they rush to the security room, Wayne is given a personal thanks by the girl (Maria Volk) he revived, upon which he responds with an awkward You're welcome.[6][7][8] Unlike Find Our Daughter, this segment was not included in the DVD or Blu-ray release[9] and instead premiered at the 2014 LA Comedy Festival.[10]
Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer: The Movie	American	animation	William R. Kowalchuk	One night, the Sprites of the Northern Lights - a group of singing sprites who fly around the North Pole - witness the birth of a baby reindeer named Rudolph, who has an unusual red, shiny nose. Later in the morning, Rudolph and his parents, Blitzen and Mitzi, meet up with Rudolph's three uncles - Dasher, Comet, and Cupid. Cupid tickles Rudolph and inadvertently triggers his glowing nose, which draws attention and causes Rudolph to become the center of scorn and mockery. Meanwhile, two of Santa Claus's elves Doggle and Boone cross the ice bridge of the wicked Ice Queen, Stormella, to deliver mail. They accidentally crash into and destroy several ice statues that belong to her. When Stormella finds out, she storms into Santa's workshop and demands him to hand Boone and Doogle over to her to face consequences. When he refuses, she closes her bridge to the public as punishment, and warns that if anybody dares to cross it, she will create a blizzard so strong it will stop Santa from delivering presents to children around the world on Christmas Eve. Rudolph later starts attending school, where he is ridiculed by his classmates for wanting to be among Santa's reindeer, the Flyers, despite his nose. The only one who doesn't tease him is Zoey, a kind young doe who Rudolph has a crush on, and who reciprocates his feelings. Years later, a teenage Rudolph takes part in the Junior Reindeer Games, which are responsible for selecting new Flyers for Santa. During a sleigh race event, Cupid's son and Rudolph's mean-spirted cousin Arrow (who is in a relationship with Zoey) implicitly causes the other competitors to crash and then tries to distract Rudolph by claiming that Zoey is only nice to him because she feels sorry for him, making Rudolph's nose glow in anger and blind Arrow. Though Rudolph wins the race, he is disqualified for blinding Arrow, and Arrow is made the winner by default. Zoey confronts Arrow for cheating in the race and ends their relationship. As Blitzen tries to defend his son's actions, an eavesdropping Rudolph misinterprets his father's statements as an admission of shame towards him, and decides to run away from home. At night, unknowingly with the help and guidance of the Sprites of the Northern Lights, Rudolph journeys across the lands of the North Pole, and eventually befriends an Arctic fox named Slyly and a polar bear named Leonard. Meanwhile, Zoey learns from Blitzen and Mitzi that Rudolph ran away from home, and runs off in search of him. She eventually comes across Stormella's bridge the next morning and decides to cross it despite the consequences. However, she is caught by Stormella, who imprisons her. Upon learning about Rudolph and Zoey's disappearances from their parents, Santa sends Boone and Doggle to search for them. After having a bad dream, Rudolph meets the Sprites, who inform him of Zoey's capture and instruct him on how to properly use his nose. Rudolph, Leonard, and Slyly journey to Stormella's castle, but upon arrival, Slyly chooses to stay behind out of fear of Stormella's pet wolves while Rudolph and Leonard enter. After Rudolph and Leonard are captured and imprisoned by Stormella, she fulfills her vow and unleashes a massive blizzard upon the North Pole. After Stormella goes to sleep, Slyly, having had a change of heart, sneaks into her bedroom and retrieves a key that unlocks the prison cells. However, Stormella wakes up, realizes this, and sends her pack of wolves after Rudolph and his friends, who eventually corner them on a cliff. When she threatens to freeze Zoey first, Rudolph uses his nose to blind Stormella, sending her toppling over the cliff and hanging on for dear life. Rudolph and the others then save Stormella, and she gratefully offers to grant him a wish. Much to the Ice Queen's dismay, Rudolph wishes that Stormella would be nice rather than to have a normal nose like he always would have wanted. Though the wish takes full effect, Stormella is unable to stop the snowstorm that she created. Boone and Doggle later find and bring the entire group back to Santa's Village. Because of the blizzard, Santa is unable to carry out his flight this year, but when he sees Rudolph's glowing nose, Santa asks him to lead his team of Flyers. When Rudolph agrees, he is given a Medal of Valor, which all Flyers wear, and his father tells him that he is proud of him. Rudolph guides Santa's sleigh through the storm, and receives a hero's welcome when he returns.
Tourist Trap	American	horror	David Schmoeller	Eileen and her boyfriend Woody are driving through the desert. When their car gets a flat, Woody goes to find a gas station. Their friends Becky, Jerry, and Molly are traveling separately in a different vehicle. They reach Eileen waiting at the car and they all drive off to collect Woody. Woody has found a gas station but it appears deserted. He enters the back room but becomes trapped. Various mannequins appear in the room, and multiple objects fly at him until a metal pipe impales and kills him. The others find a tourist trap and conclude Woody is there. As they drive in, their vehicle mysteriously breaks down. Jerry tries to fix his jeep and the girls go skinny dipping in a nearby oasis. As they swim, Slausen appears holding a shotgun. Though outwardly polite he also seems embittered by the decline of his tourist trap since the highway was moved away. The nude girls feel awkward in the water as he chats and they apologize for trespassing. Slausen offers to help Jerry with the jeep, but insists the group go to his house with him to get his tools. There, they see the tourist trap: animated waxworks figures, including armed bandits. Eileen is curious about a nearby house, but Slausen insists that the women should stay inside the museum. Slausen takes Jerry to fix the jeep, leaving the women. Eileen leaves to find a phone in the other house. There she finds several mannequins inside the house. Someone calls her name, and a stranger wearing a grotesque mask suddenly appears behind her. Various items in the room move of their own accord and the scarf Eileen is wearing tightens and strangles her to death. Slausen returns to Molly and Becky saying that Jerry drove his truck into town. When told that Eileen left, he goes to the house and finds Eileen has been turned into a mannequin. He returns and tells Molly and Becky he did not find Eileen and will leave again to continue the search. The women are frustrated, and later leave the museum to search for Eileen. Becky enters the nearby house and finds a mannequin resembling Eileen. Becky is attacked by the masked killer and then by multiple mannequins. She later wakes up tied up in the basement along with Jerry. Jerry says the killer is Slausen's brother. Also held captive is Tina (Dawn Jeffory), who is strapped to a table. She is killed when the masked man covers her face with plaster, causing her to suffocate. Jerry frees himself and attacks the killer, but is soon overpowered. Jerry tries to reach for a key but the killer telekinetically moves it from his reach. Molly is still outside and searching for the others. She is soon pursued by the masked man. She meets Slausen who drives her to the museum and gives her a gun while he goes inside. The masked man appears and Molly shoots, but the gun is loaded with blanks. The man removes the mask, revealing himself to be Slausen. She panics and tries to elude Slausen but is soon captured and restrained to a bed. Becky and Jerry escape from the basement, but get separated. Slausen appears and takes Becky to the museum. There the Old West figures begin shooting at her. Becky is killed by an Indian Chief figure who throws a knife at her, stabbing her in the back of the head. Back at the house, Jerry arrives to rescue Molly, but he is revealed to have unknowingly been turned into a mannequin. Slausen dances with the figure of his wife, and Molly sees that the wife has become animated. Traumatized, she kills Slausen with an axe. The next morning, an insane Molly is seen driving away in the jeep with the mannequin versions of her friends.
 Halloween II	American	horror	Rob Zombie	In a flashback, Deborah Myers (Sheri Moon Zombie) visits her son, a young Michael Myers (Chase Wright Vanek), at Smith's Grove Sanitarium. She gives him a white horse statuette as a gift. Michael says that the horse reminds him of a dream he had of Deborah's ghost, all dressed in white and telling him she was going to bring him home. Moving ahead fifteen years, Laurie Strode (Scout Taylor-Compton) is wandering around in shock after having shot an adult Michael (Tyler Mane). Sheriff Leigh Brackett (Brad Dourif) finds Laurie and takes her to the emergency room. Meanwhile, the paramedics pick up Annie Brackett (Danielle Harris) and Michael's psychiatrist Dr. Sam Loomis (Malcolm McDowell), who are still alive after being attacked by Michael, and take them to the hospital. One year after the events of the first film, Laurie is now living with the Bracketts. Michael has been missing since last Halloween and is presumed dead, while Laurie has been having recurring nightmares about the event. While Laurie deals with her trauma through therapy, Dr. Loomis has chosen to turn the event into an opportunity to write another book. Elsewhere, Michael, who is still alive, has been having visions of his mother's ghost and a younger version of himself, who instructs him that it is time to bring Laurie home, so he sets off for Haddonfield. As Michael travels to Haddonfield, Laurie begins having hallucinations that mirror Michael's, which involves Deborah's ghost and a young Michael in a clown costume. Her hallucinations also begin to include her acting out Michael's murders. Meanwhile, Loomis goes on tour to promote his new book, only to be criticized by the public, who blame him for Michael's actions and for exploiting the deaths of Michael's victims. When Loomis' book is released, Laurie discovers that she is really Angel Myers, Michael's long-lost sister. She goes to a Halloween party with Mya (Brea Grant) and Harley (Angela Trimbur) to escape how she is feeling. Michael appears at the party and kills Harley, then goes to the Brackett house and fatally wounds Annie. When Laurie and Mya return to the house, they find Annie, who dies in Laurie's arms. Michael kills Mya and then comes after Laurie, who manages to escape. Sheriff Brackett arrives home and finds his daughter dead. Laurie flags down a car, but Michael kills the driver and flips the car over with Laurie still inside. Michael then takes the unconscious Laurie to an abandoned shed. The police discover Michael's location and surround the shed. Loomis arrives and goes inside to try to reason with Michael. Inside, he finds Laurie, who is hallucinating a younger Michael holding her down, and tries telling her that no one is restraining her. Just then, Deborah instructs the older Michael that it is time to go home; Michael attacks Loomis and kills him. Stepping in front of a window while holding Loomis' body, Michael is shot twice by Sheriff Brackett, and falls into the spikes of some farming equipment. Apparently released from her visions, Laurie walks over and tells Michael she loves him, then stabs him repeatedly. The shed door opens and Laurie walks out, wearing Michael's mask. Later, Laurie sits in isolation in a psychiatric ward, grinning at a vision of Deborah.
Elvira's Haunted Hills	American	horror	Sam Irvin	In 1851 in the Carpathian Mountains of Romania, Elvira and her maidservant Zou Zou (Mary Jo Smith), on their way to a can-can revue in Paris, get kicked out of an inn for a slight monetary discrepancy. After making their way out of the village, they are rescued by Dr. Bradley Bradley (Scott Atkinson), who takes them to stay at Castle Hellsubus, in the hills high above the village. While there, Elvira meets the residents—and discovers that she happens to resemble the deceased former wife of his Lordship the Count Vladimere Hellsubus.
Stella	American	drama	John Erman	Stella (Bette Midler) is a feisty woman working in a bar when she meets and falls for the suave charms of the young Dr. Steve Dallas (Stephen Collins). Although from opposite ends of the social spectrum, they start an affair resulting in Stella becoming pregnant. After he proposes half-heartedly, she rejects him and embarks upon raising their child Jenny as a single mother but is always helped and encouraged by her stalwart friend, a local good natured barfly, Ed Munn (John Goodman). Stella is fiercely independent and proud and is determined to do well by this child and take on whatever jobs she must to raise her daughter properly. When Jenny is 4 years old, her father suddenly reappears on the scene and is determined to get to know his daughter. At first reluctant to allow this, Stella is persuaded to allow contact, and a happy bond develops between the father and daughter. As Jenny (Trini Alvarado) grows up, she becomes torn between her father's rich and well-connected background, and her loyalty and love for her mother who is poor and vulgar but devoted to her daughter. She also despises the perceived relationship she sees developing between Stella and Ed Munn who is now a broken alcoholic. Jenny eventually meets and falls for a boy from her fathers 'world' and Stella realizes that now, the disparities in her own and Jennys father's backgrounds might jeopardize her daughter's future happiness. So she makes a heart rending decision towards the end of the film to ensure that this is not going to happen.
Rootha Na Karo	Bollywood	romance	Sunder Dar	Neeta (Nanda) lives along with her widowed mother (Sulochana Latkar) and her cousin Naina (Kumari Naaz). Sudheer (Shashi Kapoor) was a poor young man and her long term friend, now her fiance. They both love each other deeply and Neeta's mother gives her consent for their marriage. But Naina always warns Neeta about Sudhir's intentions and says that he only loves her for her money. Neeta wouldn't listen to her and deeply trusts Sudhir. She has another cousin Anil, who has passion for stage and theater. He is also friends with Sudhir and highly recommends him. Naina always tries to poison Neeta's mind by telling various examples of how charming young men play the game of love to cheat innocent young woman to steal away their property and succeeds to instill a bit of fear in Neeta's mind. One day, she takes Neeta to a lawyer, where Sudheer was preparing property documents. Naina tells Reeta that Sudheer was trying to change Neeta's property to his name. Reeta confronts Sudheer about that, but it is revealed that Sudheer was preparing documents to transfer everything to Anil, as he doesn't want to touch a penny of Neeta's money. Neeta feels bad for insulting him like that, but Sudhir, feeling hurt, goes away. At last after a confrontation, Naina reveals that she always wanted Sudheer for herself and as Sudheer didn't reciprocate her feelings, she tried to separate him from Neeta by saying poisonous things to Neeta. She takes poison and dies in the hands of Neeta, telling her that she shouldn't lose a good person like Sudheer. Neeta rushes back to Sudheer and gives him an apology and requests him not to leave her. Anil also comes there and reveals how Naina poisoned her mind. At last, Sudheer is pacified and embraces Neeta.
Sringkhal	Assamese	drama	Prabin Hazarika	The plot is based against a rural backdrop. Dayaram (Badal Das), an old man, in the hope to see a family flowering, had allowed Nilakanta (Saurav Hazarika) to settle down. Kalidas (Adil Hussain), a friend of Nilakanta, who had fallen for Ambika (Jaya Seal Ghosh) had informed Nilakanta that cupid had indeed struck. When Nilakanta informs Kalidas that he will soon be marrying Ambika, the gentleman in Kalidas ensures that he does not complicate matters and moves away on business. But after her husband passes away, Ambika, struggles for survival and brings up her children and an infant doing the odd menial work in the village. Once, on her way back home, she captures timid four pigeons which make Ambika shed some of her timidity. Kalidas returns after long years to frequently spend long hours in Dayaram’s courtyard. Dayaram dreams that Ambika hunger ends soon. He wants to play cupid this time. Ambika too is aware of Dayaram’s intentions. One day when Kalidas asks Were you aware that my mother had gone over to your place to scout for you as my bride? Ambika is dumb struck. Dayaram weaves Ambika baskets to take the pigeons to the market. He ensures Kalidas accompanies her. Dusk falls. The pigeons remain unsold. Ambika does not disagree to Kalidas’s proposal to buy the pigeons for a meal in her household. The flickers of the market lamps light up her face.
Holiday	Bollywood	romance	Pooja Bhatt	Muskaan (Onjolee Nair) is a shy, wealthy girl who visits Goa with her family. She meets Dino (Dino Morea), a dance performer at the holiday resort in Goa. His dance partner, Alysha (Kashmira Shah), is betrayed by a man who impregnates her, so Muskaan comes to her aid by replacing her in Dino and Alysha's dance routine. As Dino helps her train, love begins to bloom between them and problems arise. Muskaan's father does not approve of their pairing as he believes Dino is the man who impregnated Alysha.
The Crow: City of Angels	American	action	Tim Pope	In Los Angeles, mechanic Ashe Corven (Vincent Pérez) and his eight-year-old son Danny (Eric Acosta) are murdered by notorious drug kingpin Judah Earl (Richard Brooks) after they witness a gang of Judah's henchmen murdering a fellow drug dealer. The two are then dumped into a harbor. Sarah from the first film (Mia Kirshner) is now an adult, working in a tattoo parlor by day, and painting surreal images of death and resurrection in her apartment at night. She is haunted by disturbing dreams about Ashe and Danny, and after a day's work in the tattoo parlor, Sarah is visited in her apartment by a large crow as she contemplates a ring that Eric Draven gave her years before. Sarah follows the crow to the harbor at night on All Saints' Day, and witnesses Ashe's resurrection and frantic escape from his watery grave. She takes him to her apartment. When Sarah tells Ashe he is dead, he panics and runs screaming into the night, ending up at his own home, where he relives the final moments of his life. Sarah arrives there to find Ashe brooding, and she explains to him why he has been resurrected by the Crow so he can take revenge against the criminals who killed him and Danny. With the guidance of the crow, Ashe starts killing Judah's henchmen, one by one. Ashe first visits Spider-Monkey (Vincent Castellanos) in a drug warehouse and interrogates him as to who else was involved in the murders. Ashe then kills him by blowing up the building. Another of Judah's lackeys, Nemo (Thomas Jane), is spending the night at a peeping booth. Ashe appears in the booth, and kills him, leaving a doll stuffed in his pants with a paper crow in his mouth. Judah has in his employ a blind prophetess named Sybil (Tracey Ellis) who is able to ascertain Ashe's link to Sarah and to the crow that is the source of his powers. Judah captures Sarah in order to draw Ashe to him and steal his power. One of the murderers, Kali (Thuy Trang), goes to Sarah's apartment to draw Ashe out. While battling her, Ashe realizes that Kali is the one who killed Danny; enraged, he throws her against a wall that breaks her leg, and then out a window, leaving a crow-shaped blood pattern. Ashe then pursues Judah's right-hand-man, Curve (Iggy Pop), in a motorcycle chase. Ashe shoots Curve's motorcycle, which blows up and throws Curve onto the road. Ashe then drags Curve into the nearby river, leaving him to die as local parishioners cast down flower petals in the shape of a crow. On the day of the annual Day of the Dead festival. Judah captures the crow and impales its wings with knives before killing it. He then ingests the crow's blood, stealing Ashe's power. Suddenly mortal, Ashe nearly dies from the shock, but is revived after seeing a vision of Danny telling him to keep fighting. Ashe must now attempt to rescue Sarah by seeking out Judah in his lair, an abandoned church. Judah gets the best of the weakened Ashe in the ensuing fight. Judah ties a rope around Ashe and savagely whips him, intending to hang him. Sarah rushes up and stabs Judah in the forehead, causing Judah to drop Ashe. Judah pulls out the knife and starts moving toward Ashe. Sarah gets in the way, and Judah stabs her in the stomach. Ashe gets up and impales Judah on a metal pipe, but this does not kill Judah either. While Judah is still impaled, Ashe calls upon a murder of crows, which devour Judah. Sarah dies in Ashe's arms, a tableau reminiscent of a painting she had completed earlier in the film. Ashe returns to death, knowing that he can rest in peace with Sarah, and his son.
Bad Johnson	American	comedy	Huck Botko	Rich is a sex addict who ruins every relationship through infidelity. He wishes that his penis would leave him alone. He wakes up one day to find his penis has taken on human form.
Dwiragaman	Bengali	romance	Nandu Bhattacharya	The soap is about a newlywed couple, Michri and Sayan and Sayan's 7 sisters. The story revolves around the relationship between Michri and her 7 sisters-in-law.[3][4]
Diamond Cut Diamond	British	comedy	Fred Niblo, Maurice Elvey	One of the guests tries to foil a gang of jewel-robbers during a country house weekend party.
So Little Time	British	romance	Compton Bennett	In occupied Belgium during World War II, the chateau where Nicole de Malvines (Schell) lives with her mother (Gabrielle Dorziat) is partially requisitioned for use by German forces. Among those billeted there is Colonel Hohensee (Goring), a ruthlessly efficient officer. Having lost several male members of her family in the war, the proud and outspoken Nicole holds the Germans in contempt and has no hesitation in making her feelings clear. Nicole and Hohensee discover a mutual love of music, particularly the piano. This gradually brings them together and despite their differences and the inherent danger of the situation to both, they fall in love; they begin travelling to Brussels to attend concerts and recitals, acutely aware of the need to be discreet and the risks involved in being seen socialising with one another. Matters become more complicated when members of the Belgian Resistance target Nicole to steal documentation from Hohensee to pass over to them, making clear that non-cooperation is not an option. The couple realise that in one way or another the relationship is doomed, and are told by a sympathetic observer who has noticed their love to make the most of it while they can because there is so little time. Inevitably they are betrayed and have to face being parted forever. She is shot and, unable to reconcile himself to the situation,[3] Hohensee shoots himself.
Windom's Way	British	drama	Ronald Neame	Dr Alec Windom is a British doctor who works in a village in Malaya. He is visited by his estranged wife Lee.
Al-Go'a (The Hunger)	Egyptian	drama	Ali Badrakhan	The movie, based upon the novel of the same name by Naguib Mahfouz, examines the social conditions of Cairenes during the first decade of the twentieth century. In doing so, both the movie and novel deal extensively with the themes of poverty and death.
Eedo Rakam Aado Rakam	Telugu	romance	G. Nageswara Reddy	The story runs between two good friends Arjun (Manchu Vishnu) & Ashwin (Raj Tharun). Arjun is the son of a very rich Leading Lawyer Narayana (Rajendra Prasad) while Ashwin is the son of an ordinary Inspector M. Koteswara Rao (Posani Krishna Murali). Once both of them visits their friend Kishore’s (Vennela Kishore) marriage both of them fall in love with two beautiful girls Neelaveni (Sonarika Bhadoria) & Supriya (Hebah Patel) respectively. Neelaveni is the sister of Dattu (Abhimanyu Singh) while Supriya is the sister of Gaja (Supreth) who are popular goons in the city and opponents to each other. Neelaveni has a condition to marry an orphan after seeing her sister’s life, though he has a family, Arjun acts as an orphan to gain her love and Dattu accepts their love and makes their marriage within no time in the register office. Arjun & Neelaveni are in search of rent house to start their new life and unfortunately, Neelaveni rents the upper portion of Arjun’s house only, where the trouble starts, therefore, Arjun shows Ashwin as Neelaveni’s husband before his family members and Ashwin as Narayana’s second son to Neelaveni. On the other hand, Gaja also intends to meet Ashwin and he wants a rich alliance for his sister. So, Ashwin also lies that he is the son of Advocate Narayana, Arjun also helps him to focus Ashwin as Narayana’s son and successfully makes his marriage with Supriya. Rest of the story is a humorous confusion drama that who married whom? What are they doing in Lawyer Narayana’s house?
Natural Born Killers	American	action	Oliver Stone	Mickey Knox and his wife Mallory stop at a diner in the New Mexico desert. A duo of rednecks arrive and one begins sexually harassing Mallory while she is dancing. She briefly encourages him before beating him to a pulp, screaming How sexy am I now, huh flirty boy?. Mickey and Mallory then murder all but one of the diner's staff, and one customer, culminating in a morbid game of Eeny, meeny, miny, moe to decide who lives and dies. After killing the waitress Mabel, the couple ensures that the only survivor remembers their names so that he can pass on the legend of Mickey and Mallory before they embrace and declare their undying love. Mickey and Mallory camp out in the desert, and Mallory reminisces about when they first met. A flashback (done in the style of a TV sitcom, including a laughtrack) shows Mickey as a meat deliveryman who came to the house where Mallory lived with her sexually abusive father, her neglectful mother, and her younger brother, Kevin. Mickey and Mallory fall in love instantly and leave together, stealing Mallory's father's car. Soon Mickey is arrested and imprisoned for auto theft, but he subsequently escapes from a prison work farm during a tornado and returns to Mallory's house. The two kill Mallory's parents, but spare Kevin. Mallory's father is beaten and then drowned in the fish tank while her mother is tied to her bed and set on fire. Mickey and Mallory then go on the road together and get married on the side of a bridge, celebrating by taking a hostage. Furious with Mickey's notion that they have a threesome, Mallory drives to a nearby gas station, where she flirts with the mechanic. They begin to have sex on the hood of a car, but Mallory kills him when he recognizes her as a wanted killer. During this time, Mickey rapes the hostage. The pair continue their killing spree, ultimately claiming fifty-two victims in New Mexico, Arizona, and Nevada. Pursuing them is Detective Jack Scagnetti, who became obsessed with mass murderers after witnessing his mother being shot and killed by Charles Whitman when he was eight. Beneath his heroic facade, he is a violent psychopath. The audience witnesses Scagnetti violently strangle a prostitute to death. The killers are also followed by self-serving tabloid journalist Wayne Gale. Gale profiles Mickey and Mallory on his show, American Maniacs, soon elevating them to cult hero status. Mickey and Mallory get lost in the desert after taking psychedelic mushrooms. They come across a ranch where they encounter Warren Red Cloud, a Navajo Indian, and his young grandson. The Navajo provides them with food and shelter. After the two fall asleep, the Navajo, hoping to expel the demon he perceives in Mickey, begins chanting beside the fire. This invokes nightmares in Mickey about his abusive parents. Mickey wakes up in a panicked rage and fatally shoots Red Cloud before he realizes what he is doing. Mallory wakes up to the sound of the gunshot and starts screaming at Mickey for killing the man who sheltered them. This is the first time Mallory and Mickey feel guilty for a murder. Fleeing from the scene, they step outside of the house and come across a field of rattlesnakes. Mallory does not see the snakes and gets bitten first. Mickey lights a stick on fire to expose the snakes. While he is trying to help Mallory he also gets bitten. They drive to a drugstore to find snakebite antidote, however the store is completely sold out. Mallory falls to the ground while Mickey runs to the pharmacy with the hopes that there will be more medication in stock. The pharmacist recognizes Mickey from the news report and sets off the silent alarm before Mickey kills him. Soon police cars arrive and Mallory is captured and subsequently beaten by the police. A gunfight breaks out between Mickey and the others while Mallory is held hostage. Scagnetti arrives and tells Mickey that unless he surrenders, he will cut off Mallory's breasts. Mickey gives up his guns, but attacks Scagnetti with a knife. The police taser him and the scene ends with Mickey and Mallory being beaten by a group of vengeful policemen as a Japanese news crew fronted by a female reporter films the action. The story picks up one year later: the homicidal couple have been imprisoned, and are due to be moved to a mental hospital after being declared insane. Mickey and Mallory have now gone one year without seeing each other. Scagnetti arrives at the prison and encounters Warden Dwight McClusky, with whom he plans to murder the two criminals. McClusky will arrange for Scagnetti to be the driver for the Knoxes' transfer. Alone with the pair, Scagnetti will murder them, then claim that they tried to escape. Meanwhile, Gale has persuaded Mickey to agree to a live interview that will air immediately after the Super Bowl. Mallory is held in solitary confinement elsewhere in the prison, awaiting her transport to the mental hospital. During the interview, Mickey gives a speech about how murder provides enlightenment and declares himself a natural born killer. His words inspire the other inmates (who are watching the interview on TV in the recreation room) and incite them to riot. McClusky, upon learning of the riot, orders the interview terminated despite Gale's vehement protests. Mickey is left alone with Gale, the film crew and several guards. Using a lengthy joke as a diversion, Mickey overpowers a guard and grabs his shotgun. He kills most of the guards with it and takes the survivors hostage, leading them through the prison riot. Gale follows, giving a live television report as people are beaten and killed around him. While this riot is unfolding, Scagnetti enters Mallory's cell and attempts to seduce her. Mallory, feigning reciprocation at first, rebuffs his efforts, smashing his face against the wall and breaking his nose. The two guards outside the cell struggle to enter while Mallory attacks Scagnetti. Finally, the two guards subdue her, and Scagnetti sprays her face with tear gas in revenge. Still live on national television, Mickey arrives at Mallory's cell, where he kills all the guards and engages in a Mexican standoff with Scagnetti, eventually feigning a concession. Mallory then approaches Scagnetti from behind and slashes his throat with a shank. To Scagnetti's horror, Mickey tells him that he was out of shotgun shells during the standoff. Mallory then picks up Scagnetti's gun, saying You still like me now, Jack? and kills him. Mickey and Mallory continue to escape through the riot torn prison, with Gale's entire TV crew getting killed. Gale himself snaps, succumbing to Stockholm syndrome as well as indulging in his own longtime fascination for murder, and begins to shoot at the guards with a pistol that he has taken from one of the dead guards, but gets so frenzied that Mickey prefers to disarm him. After being rescued by a mysterious prisoner named Owen Traft, the trio of Mickey, Mallory, and Gale run into McClusky and a heavily armed posse of guards. The trio takes cover in a blood-splattered shower room. McClusky threatens to storm the shower room; Mickey, in turn, threatens to kill both Gale and a guard on live TV, and the prisoners walk out the front door, to McClusky's utter dismay, as he helplessly threatens to hunt them down. McClusky and his guards are then quickly massacred by hordes of inmates. Mickey and Mallory steal a van and kill the last guard; Owen's fate is unknown. Escaping to a rural location, they give a final interview to Gale, whose ear they have seemingly removed (implied, but as a camera track reveals), before they tell him he must die also. He attempts various arguments to change their minds, finally appealing to their trademark practice of leaving one survivor; Mickey informs him they are leaving a witness to tell the tale, his camera. Gale accepts his fate and extends his arms as if on a cross as they shoot him dead while his unattended camera continues to roll. The couple is shown several years later, in an RV, with Mickey driving and a pregnant Mallory watching their two children play.
Thartharah fawqa al-Nīl (Adrift on the Nile)	Egyptian	drama	Hussein Kamal	The film addresses the decadence of Egyptian society during the Gamal Abdel Nasser era. It tells the story of a simple Egyptian civil servant, Anis (played by Emad Hamdi), who cannot tolerate the hypocrisy of the Egyptian government (for whom he works at the Ministry of Health) and the illiteracy of the Egyptian public and decides to hide from all the problems in the country by taking up smoking hashish in a shisha, a popular smoking habit in Egypt, to escape from reality. Anis (who used to work as a teacher) meets with an old student, Ragab (actor Ahmed Ramzy), by chance. Ragab invites him to the small boat in the Nile. And Anis discovers soon enough that he is not the only person who smokes shisha but a bunch of other elite, middle class and low class people are all on the boat. He soon discovers that everyone is smoking to forget the reality and hypocrisy of Egyptian life.
Listen to Me	American	drama	Douglas Day Stewart	Listen to Me centers around a group of college students who are members of the debate team at fictional Kenmont College. The two main characters, Tucker Muldowney (Cameron) and Monica Tomanski (Gertz), come from underprivileged backgrounds, having won scholarships to Kenmont for displaying exceptional talent for debating. Both students are taken under the wing of the debate team coach, Charlie Nichols (Scheider), who was a star debater in his youth. The team eventually wins a chance to debate the issue of abortion in front of the Supreme Court. Along the way, the students learn lessons about life, love, friendship, and politics.
The Amityville Horror	American	horror	Andrew Douglas	In 1974, Ronald DeFeo Jr. murdered his family at their house at 112 Ocean Avenue in Amityville, New York. He claimed that he was persuaded to kill them by voices he heard in the house. One year later, married couple George and Kathy Lutz move into the house along with Kathy's three children from a previous marriage, Billy, Michael, and Chelsea. The family soon begins experiencing paranormal events in the house. Chelsea claims that she has befriended a girl named Jodie, a name belonging to one of the murdered DeFeo children. One night the couple decide to go out, and they hire a babysitter to watch the three kids. When the babysitter, Lisa, arrives, they come to find out that she had previously been hired to babysit for the DeFeos. Lisa tells them about the murders that took place in their house. When she goes to Chelsea's room, Chelsea tells her that she is a bad babysitter, claiming that Jodie told her so. Lisa begins to scold Jodie for being the reason behind her getting fired. Then Billy dares Lisa to go inside the closet (the same closet where Jodie was murdered), and she gets locked inside. After a few seconds she encounters Jodie herself, and begs to be let out. She goes into shock and the paramedics arrive to take her away; on the way to the hospital, Lisa tells Kathy that she had seen Jodie. George's behavior towards Kathy and her children becomes abusive and the paranormal activity continues. Kathy asks priest Father Callaway (Philip Baker Hall) to bless the house, as a protective measure to prevent any future paranormal incidents, but Father Callaway flees the house when he encounters such occurrences himself. Kathy discovers that the house once belonged to a cult preacher named Reverend Jeremiah Ketcham, whose evil actions towards Native Americans during his mission in 17th century Amityville are said to be the cause of the haunting at 112 Ocean Avenue. Meanwhile, George, as he is walking through the basement of the house, encounters the apparitions of the various Native Americans who were tortured and killed there by Ketcham centuries ago. Entering a dimly-lit room, George encounters Ketcham himself (though he is not aware of who he is), and the ghostly figure of the evil missionary turns around, picks up a knife, and slits his throat in an act of recreating his suicide, covering George with blood, and causing him to become nearly completely possessed. Kathy becomes convinced that George's abusive behavior is owed to a spiritual possession. Following urgent advice from Father Callaway, Kathy tries to evacuate her children from the house and escort them to safety, but the possessed George attempts to kill her and the children; Kathy knocks him out to prevent him from doing so and transports him away from the residence. Subsequently, George is released from the spirit's control and the family permanently leaves the house. A title card states that the family left within 28 days of arriving and never returned. Jodie is shown standing in the now empty house and screaming in terror while the house rearranges itself. Subsequently, she is pulled beneath the floor by a pair of disembodied hands.
The Road to El Dorado	American	animation	Bibo Bergeron, Will Finn	In Spain 1519, two con artists, Tulio and Miguel, win a map to the legendary City of Gold, El Dorado, in a rigged dice gamble. After their con is exposed, the two evade the guards and hide aboard one of the ships to be led by Hernán Cortés for the New World. During the voyage, they are caught as stowaways and imprisoned, but break free and take a rowboat with the help of Cortés' horse, Altivo. They reach an unknown shore at the edge of Mexico, where Miguel begins to recognize landmarks from the map, leading them to a totem marker near a waterfall that Tulio believes is a dead end. As they prepare to leave, they encounter a native woman, Chel, being chased by guards. When the guards see Tulio and Miguel riding Altivo as depicted on the totem, they escort them and Chel to a secret entrance behind the falls, into El Dorado. They are brought to the city's elders, kindhearted Chief Tannabok and wicked high priest Tzekel-Kan. The pair are mistaken for gods and given luxurious quarters, along with the charge of Chel. Chel discovers the two are conning the people but promises to remain quiet if they take her with them when they leave the city. The two are showered with gifts of gold from Tannabok, but disapprove of Tzekel-Kan attempting to sacrifice a civilian as the gods' ritual. Tulio instructs Tannabok to build them a boat so that they can leave the city with all the gifts they have been given. During the three days this will take, Miguel explores the city, and Chel gets romantically close to Tulio. Miguel comes to appreciate the peaceful life the citizens seem to enjoy. When Tzekel-Kan sees Miguel playing a ball game with children, he insists the gods demonstrate their powers against the city's best players in the same game. Tulio and Miguel are far outmatched, but Chel is able to substitute the ball with an armadillo, allowing them to win. Miguel spares the ritual of sacrificing the losing team and chastises Tzekel-Kan, much to the crowd's approval. Tzekel-Kan notices Miguel received a small cut and realizes the two are not gods, because gods do not bleed. Tzekel-Kan conjures a giant stone jaguar to chase them through the city. Tulio and Miguel outwit the jaguar, causing it and Tzekel-Kan to fall into a giant whirlpool, thought to be the entrance to Xibalba. Tzekel-Kan then surfaces in the jungle, where he encounters Cortés and his men. Thinking Cortés is a god, he offers to lead them to El Dorado. With the boat completed, Miguel says he will stay in the city. As Tulio and Chel board the boat, they see smoke on the horizon and realize Cortés is close. Tulio suggests using the boat to ram rock pillars under the waterfall and block the main entrance to the city. The plan succeeds with the citizens pulling over a statue in the boat's wake to give it enough speed. As the statue starts to fall too quickly, Tulio has difficulty in preparing the boat's sail. Giving up on staying in the city, Miguel and Altivo jump onto the boat to unfurl the sails, assuring the boat clears the statue in time. The group successfully crashes against the pillars, causing a cave-in but losing all their gifts in the process. They hide near the totem, just as Cortés' men and Tzekel-Kan arrive. When Tzekel-Kan finds the entrance blocked, Cortés brands him a liar, and takes Tzekel-Kan prisoner as they leave. Tulio and Miguel, though disappointed they lost the gold (unaware that Altivo still wears the golden horseshoes with which he was outfitted in El Dorado), head in a different direction for a new adventure with Chel.
Soldier Boyz	American	action	Louis Mourneau	The film shows a scene of a girl being kidnapped from a charity plane by Vietnamese rebels (a U.N. supplies [as in food and medicine] plane) in Vietnam. Then we are taken to the United States to a detention center in Los Angeles where the warden of the center and 6 of the toughest prisoners are hired to rescue the girl, whose name is Gabrielle Presscott, daughter of Jameson Prescott, CEO and billionaire. Warden Toliver and prisoners (by last name only, their first names are never revealed) Butts and Monster (black youths), Lopez and Vasquez (Latino youths, with Vasquez being a girl), and Brophy and Lamb (white youths). The group travels to Vietnam with three days to rescue Gabrielle, spending one day to train and the rest of the days to find her. After winning a battle the group spends the night at a village brothel and has a small celebration, with Brophy sneaking away into the night. The group awakens to find the rebels with Brophy as a hostage and asking the villagers to hand over the rest of the Americans. The group decides to attempt a rescue for Brophy and are successful, however, Lopez and Monster are both killed during the fight. The group runs away into the jungle and is tiredly marching along when Lamb steps on a landmine. While Toliver is trying to disarm the mine, some rebels are slowly getting nearer and nearer to the group. Brophy once again sneaks away but sacrifices himself, bringing another death to the group. Toliver and his men finally arrive at the rebel base camp, with Toliver combing the camp for Gabrielle. After he finds her he returns to the others and hands each of them a set of explosives to be detonated by a timer. After setting all of the charges, the group is found out and a battle ensues. The group kills scores of rebels but there is no apparent end in sight, forcing the group to retreat. The group is driving away in a stolen armored truck when a missile explodes inches away from the truck. The rebel leader has taken a chopper and followed the band of soldiers. But Butts had secretly put a charge in the chopper back at the base, and detonates it, killing the rebel leader. The group heads home and the camera shows a chopper flying away into the Vietnamese sunset.
Abhinetri	Bollywood	drama	Subodh Mukherjee	A chance meeting between an Assistant Scientist, Shekar, and an established stage dancer and singer, Anjana, results in love. While Shekar has a mother who lives separately, Anjana has been orphaned at an early age. Shekar's mom approves of Anjana, and both get married. Anjana stops her involvement in dancing and singing, and both spent the next several months in relative harmony. Then Anjana finds that Shekar is spending more and more time in the laboratory than with her, and she decides to take up dancing and singing, which does not augur well with Shekar. Arguments ensue, and both decide to live separately. When Shekar's mom comes to visit Shekar, both he and Anjana compromise to live together. This they thought would provide releif to their mother in her old age. Living together they discover the missing spice in their wedlock.
The Hard Corps	American	action	Sheldon Lettich	Phillip Sauvage (Jean-Claude Van Damme) is an American soldier suffering from Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder caused by his time in Iraq and Afghanistan. Sauvage snaps out of his stupor just long enough to join Clarence Bowden (Julian D. Christopher), his former commanding officer, to work as a bodyguard for former World Heavyweight boxing champion and now successful businessman Wayne Barclay (Raz Adoti). It appears that the release of notorious rap mogul Terrell Singletery (Viv Leacock) from prison has caused Barclay's worried sister Tamara (Vivica A. Fox) to take pro-active action by hiring Bowden and Sauvage, as Singletery has made threats in the past about doing away with the one man responsible for his incarceration Barclay himself. The first night of bodyguard work does not go well for Sauvage and Bowden, as Bowden gets killed during an assassination attempt on Barclay by a Hummer full of Uzi-carrying gangbangers sent by Singletery. It is up to Sauvage to continue the fight, which means bringing in a reinforcement in his friend Casey Bledsoe (Mark Griffin), and training some new recruits not of his choosing. Intending to give back to the streets that taught him toughness, Barclay insists that Sauvage compose his team of bodyguards by hiring people from Barclay's gym. But will they be enough to take down Singletery? However, Barclay gets suspicious of Sauvage, who is on first name basis with Tamara, after he sights her kissing him on the cheek one night.
Up the Junction	British	drama	Peter Collinson	Wealthy young heiress Polly Dean (Suzy Kendall) gives up a privileged life in Chelsea and moves to a working-class community in Battersea, where she takes a job in a confectionery factory in an attempt to distance herself from her moneyed upbringing and make her own living. She becomes friends with two working-class sisters, Sylvie (Maureen Lipman) and Rube (Adrienne Posta). Rube becomes pregnant and has a traumatic illegal abortion. Tragedy then strikes when Rube's boyfriend Terry (Michael Gothard) is killed in a motorcycle accident. Meanwhile, Polly begins a relationship with a working-class boy named Pete (Dennis Waterman). Pete envies Polly's access to an easy life, and is frustrated by her rejection of the upper-class lifestyle. Pete and Polly's relationship ends in turmoil when Pete, after stealing a car in an attempt to woo Polly, is caught and sentenced to a prison term.
Blood Bath	American	horror	Stephanie Rothman, Jack Hill	In Venice, California, student Daisy leaves a club alone after having an argument with her beatnik boyfriend Max. Walking through the deserted streets, she stops to admire some gruesome paintings in a gallery window painted by artist Antonio Sordi, who coincidentally also comes by to look in on his lost children. After a friendly conversation, Sordi convinces the young woman to pose nude for him that night. At his bell-tower studio, Sordi is possessed by the spirit of a long-dead ancestor and suddenly transforms into a vampiric monster who hacks the screaming Daisy to death with a cleaver. Afterwards, he lowers her mutilated corpse into a vat of boiling wax. Sordi, in his vampire form, stalks Venice in search of victims; he is able to do so freely at all hours. In the middle of the day, he chases a young woman into the surf at a beach and drowns her. At night, he kills a prostitute in a car while pedestrians stroll by, all of them assuming the pair are lovers sharing an intimate moment. Another victim is approached at a party, chased into a swimming pool, and drowned there after the other guests have moved into the house. The murdered women are carried back to Sordi's studio and painted by the artist, their bodies then covered in wax. Max wants to make up with Daisy but cannot find her anywhere. Learning that she has posed for Sordi and become the subject of the latest in the artist's series of Dead Red Nudes, he visits her sister Donna to ask her forgiveness. Donna tells Max she hasn't seen Daisy for days, and is concerned about the recent rash of disappearances. She reads Max the legend of Sordi's 15th-century ancestor Erno, a painter condemned to be burned at the stake for capturing his subjects' souls on canvas. Unable to convince Max that Antonio Sordi might also be a vampire, she confronts the artist at his studio and asks him if he has seen Daisy. He angrily brushes her off. That night, he later follows her through the streets and murders her as she tries to escape from him on a carousel. The human Sordi is in love with Dorian, an avant-garde ballerina and Daisy's former roommate. At first he tries to protect her from his vampiric tendencies, warning her his studio is a cheerless place and at one point breaking a date with her to spend time gaining control of his feelings for her. When she turns up at the studio unannounced, he believes she is the reincarnation of Erno Sordi’s long-dead mistress Melizza, a witch who had denounced him to the ecclesiastical courts in order to protect herself from prosecution, and traps her in a net. He is about to slash her throat with a razor when Max and his beatnik friends finally realize Sordi is a murderer and successfully free her from the tower. Melizza, seen in a painting that Sordi keeps concealed behind a curtain, brings three of Sordi's victims back to life and they dispatch him by forcing him into the boiling wax.
Ride the Wild Surf	American	romance	Don Taylor	The story follows surfers Jody Wallis (Fabian), Steamer Lane (Tab Hunter), and Chase Colton (Peter Brown), who come to Hawaii's Oahu Island to ride the world's biggest waves and compete against surfers from all over the world. Steamer falls in love with Lily Kilua (Susan Hart), whose mother objects to the romance because she considers surfers to be beach bums, since her husband—a surfer—left home and family to follow the surf circuit. Self-described college dropout and surf bum Jody falls for the demure Brie Matthews (Shelley Fabares), who challenges him to return to college. In the case of the relatively strait-laced Chase, he finds himself pursued by the adventurous Augie Poole (Barbara Eden). The main story, though, is the challenge to surf the monster waves at Waimea Bay, and fit in among the champion surfers there such as Eskimo (James Mitchum). Despite conflicts, injuries and rocky romances, Wallis, Chase and Steamer prove themselves brave—or crazy—enough to try to be the last one to ride in the highest wave.
Kedi	Tamil	romance	Jyothi Krishna	Raghu (Ravi Krishna) is a happy-go-lucky youngster, who is not serious about his studies or life. He has a great time in college playing pranks with fellow students. His dad (M. S. Bhaskar) dotes on him and so do his close friends (Suman Setty & gang). A new girl Priyanka (Tamannaah) joins his class, and she is the sister of Pughazhenthy (Atul Kulkarni), a powerful gangster-turned minister. Priyanka is born with the silver spoon and the college gets a face lift as her classroom is fitted with an air conditioner and the canteen gets a hip look. Priyanka even manages to change the principal using her brother’s influence, and she hates the sight of Raghu, whom she considers a creep. Aarthi (Ileana D'Cruz) a maid’s daughter studies in the same class, and she has a secret admiration towards Raghu. Seeing the way in which Priyanka treats him, Aarthi gives moral support and motivates Raghu to come above Priyanka, who is an all-rounder and best student in the university. This infuriates Priyanka who slowly wants Raghu at any cost. Aarthi is blackmailed by a boy who takes her vulgar photos in a toilet and he saves her from it. Priyanka decides to separate them and creates photos with him. Priyanka comes to know about Raghu's love towards Aarthi, and she tries everything possible to separate them. Pughazhenthy will go to any extreme costs to make Raghu marry his sister. he makes Arthi mad by first kidnapping her and he start electrifing her, but she turns normal on seeing Raghu, but goes back as she sees Raghu getting shot. In the end, Aarthi goes mental, which enrages Raghu who vows revenge on Priyanka. He pretends to accept the marriage and marries Aarthi at the last minute. Raghu comes to know that Priyanka even murdered her brother in order to live with Raghu. The film ends with Priyanka killing herself and Raghu burying Aarthi's chain at Priyanka's grave.
Summer Days with Coo	Japanese	animation	Keiichi Hara	A small, lone Kappa miraculously survives over 200 years into modern day Tokyo, Japan when he is found by young Koichi. Coo who is secretly adopted by the whole family, faces a tragic past and the present's challenge of living in a dramatically changed environment, searches with his new human friend for places not invaded by people hoping to find any remaining of his kind. When this intelligent water spirit draws the popular attention of the whole city upon being discovered and then confronted with his past, it forces him to take action and make an ultimate decision, in order to preserve his kind, inner peace and well being in today's harsh world.
Somewhere on Leave	British	comedy	John E. Blakeley	Private Randle (Frank Randle) and army pals, Privates Young (Dan Young) and Enoch (Robbie Vincent) are invited by Private Desmond (Pat McGrath) to spend some off-duty time at his stately home. Private Desmond is too busy courting an ATS girl (Antoinette Lupino) to notice the squaddies are running riot in his house.
Porky in Wackyland	American	animation	Unknown	A newspaper shows Porky traveling to Africa to hunt the rare dodo bird, worth four sextillion dollars. Porky uses his airplane to go to Dark Africa, then Darker Africa, and finally lands in Darkest Africa. When Porky lands, a sign tells him that he's in Wackyland (Population: 100 nuts and a squirrel), while a voice booms out It can happen here! Porky tiptoes along the ground in his airplane and he is greeted by a roaring beast, who suddenly becomes effeminate and dances away into the forest. He watches as the sun is lifted above the horizon by a tower of stacked creatures. Nearby, another creature rises out of a tall flower, playing The William Tell Overture, using his nose as a flute. The creature launches into a wild drum solo, plays a tiny piano, and plays its nose like a horn, which brings out a group of odd creatures, including a rabbit dangling in midair from a swing that seems to be threaded through its own ears, a small creature wearing large female mannequin legs who encourages the rabbit to swing faster, a peacock with a fantail of cards, an upside-down creature walking with giant bare feet in his hands while wearing a hat on his rear end, a goofy-looking creature wearing large glasses in a small pot, a scooter-like creature, a creature with two steamboat pipes on his back, a four-legged creature with a waffle iron-like mouth, a round creature with long legs on its sides, and an angry criminal imprisoned behind a free-floating barred window that he holds in his hands while a small policeman on a wheel appears and hits him on the head with a large stick. As Porky tries to find the do-do, he comes across a duck singing Mammy!, a horn-headed creature, a conjoined cat and dog hybrid creature spinning around like a tornado while they fight, and a 3 headed stooge whose heads argue and fight amongst themselves, but temporally stop their fight to tell the viewers that their mother was scared by a pawnbreaker's sign, while a small creature with a light bulb on its head translates their gibberish speech. Finally, the Dodo appears. Porky tries to catch it, but it plays tricks on him. The dodo pulls out a pencil and draws a door in mid-air, and instead of opening it and running through, reaches down and lifts up the bottom edge of the door like a curtain, darts underneath and lets it snap back into place for Porky to bump into. At another point, the do-do appears on the Warner Bros. shield logo and slingshots Porky into the ground. Afterwards, the dodo pulls a wall of bricks in the picture and lets him crash into it. Eventually, Porky triumphs when he disguises himself as a bearded paperboy, shouting Extra! Extra! Porky captures Dodo!, before hitting the bird with a mallet. Porky loudly proclaims to the audience that he has captured the last dodo. The dodo mockingly replies, Yes, I'm really the last of the dodos. Ain't I, fellas?. A multitude of dodos appear, all yelling out, Yeah, man!. They and the Dodo all howl, which allows him to escape and stand on Porky's head.
Maya	Tamil	horror	Ashwin Saravanan	Vasanth (Aari) is an artist who is working on a story about 'Mayavanam', a haunted forest. On his friend's birthday, he tells a story involving 'Maya', a malevolent spirit. He tells him about how one experiences chills and witnesses a spirit descending on them when one says Maya! your daughter is not with me three times. In order to ridicule Vasanth, the friend says the same three times, and a similar figure enters the room. He falls back in fear, but the figure reveals itself as his wife; it's just a birthday surprise. The next day, Vasanth shows the pictures taken by him during the dressed up Maya's entry to his boss, Ram Prasad (Amzath Khan) and Madan (Utay Mahesh), the episode writer on Mayavanam. Ram points out a smoky form near them and warns him of it. He tells him about a book, Asylum by Kate, that details the life of the mentally ill who were forced into asylums and experimented upon. Madhan then recounts the story of one such inmate, a woman named Maya Matthews, who was taken to the asylum after murdering her husband and forced to give up her newborn daughter to the authorities in the asylum. She falls to her death from the building, with an expensive ring rumoured to be on her body, and is buried in the grounds of the asylum (Mayavanam), where it is believed her vengeful spirit now roams. Later, Madhan and Vasanth's friend—an auto driver—visits Mayavanam to write about his last episode. Madhan disappears, and after escaping from Mayavanam somehow, Vasanth's friend meets with a grisly death soon, by falling off the building just like Maya, which spurs Vasanth to embark on an investigation into Mayavanam. In alternating scenes, Apsara (Nayantara) is a single mother struggling to make ends meet by working in ad films. She is separated from her husband Arjun who is an actor, and lives with her friend Swathi (Lakshmi Priyaa Chandramouli) who works at a film production house, RK Studios. After a poster of the film, Irul, that Swathi is currently working on is put on to the walls of the house, Apsara experiences strange things happening inside the house. She doesn't give much thought to it because she is always preoccupied by the loan that she has taken from a local gangster. He keeps visiting her house demanding cash and she keeps putting it off by saying that the cheque she has been entitled to, after acting in another ad film previously, keeps bouncing off. In frustration, she goes to visit the ad company where she learns that the producer has gone to take part in the contest arranged by Swathi's company. The contest is a promotional ad for Irul, in which contestants are awarded ₹5 lakh if they succeed in watching the horror film alone at night without showing signs of fright. She catches an auto and goes to the studio. The scenes are alternated with Vasanth going to Mayavanam and the ad film producer watching the film. By the time she reaches the studio, the producer is dead and is taken on a stretcher towards the ambulance. The director of Irul had witnessed the bizarre death of the ad film producer while watching the film, but claimed to the police it was a heart attack. All lost and her being emotionally tortured by the money lender, Apsara decides to watch Irul, to make ends meet. Swathi begs her not to, fearing for Apsara's life and in hope of the director backing her up, she appeals to him too, but the director supports Apsara even though he knows what could happen later on. The film starts to play, and it is revealed that Vasanth's side of story is the film Irul. As Apsara continues to watch, she is inexplicably teleported into the film. Ram and Kate, the author, is shown to make a man dig into the grounds of Mayavanam, searching for the expensive ring that Maya was said that died with. Vasanth gets caught by Kate and is held at gun point while they search for the ring. Apsara gets caught too, and when they eventually find Maya's coffin, a figure is seen to appear behind Kate and Ram, and all hell breaks loose. Soon Apsara and Vasanth get separated from the group, and are chased by the ghost. They fall into a big ditch and Vasanth helps her out, while he stays in. She runs away and hears a baby's cry. She goes in search of it, when she gets shot by Shankar. After falling down, she is held by Maya who cries out in bitter rage and kills Shankar. It is then revealed that Maya is Apsara's mother. She wakes up in the theatre, with her mother's diary on her lap, and the doll she used to play with, when she was a baby. It is later revealed that the person who played Vasanth in the film is Arjun himself and producer of the ad film who died earlier, was the one who sent Maya to the asylum and took her ring. The final scene shows Apsara reunited with her husband and now acting in a film about Maya directed by the same director as Irul. As the shooting starts, the first scene being Maya sitting in a wheelchair, Arjun finds Apsara standing in a corner while everyone was assuming that she was the one sitting in the wheelchair. The film ends with the spirit Maya killing the director and Maya's ring falling out of his pocket. After that Maya turns back and the screen cuts black.
Tropic Thunder	American	comedy	Ben Stiller	Hook-handed Vietnam veteran Staff Sergeant John Four Leaf Tayback's memoir, Tropic Thunder, is being made into a film. With the exception of newcomer, supporting actor Kevin Sandusky, the cast—fading action hero Tugg Speedman, five-time Academy Award-winning Australian method actor Kirk Lazarus, rapper Alpa Chino, and drug-addicted comedian Jeff Portnoy—all cause problems for rookie director Damien Cockburn, who cannot control them, resulting in a million-dollar pyrotechnics scene being wasted. The project is months behind schedule. Furious studio executive Les Grossman orders Cockburn to resume filming as planned, or have the project shut down. On Four Leaf's advice, Damien drops the actors into the middle of the jungle, with hidden cameras and rigged special effects explosions to film guerrilla-style. The actors have guns that fire blanks, along with a map and scene listing that will lead to a helicopter waiting at the end of the route. Unknown to the actors and production, the group have been dropped in the middle of the Golden Triangle, the home of the heroin-producing Flaming Dragon gang. Just as the group are about to set off, Damien inadvertently steps on an old land mine and is blown up, stunning the actors. Tugg, believing Damien faked his death to encourage the cast to give better performances, assures the others that Damien is alive, and that they are still shooting the film. Kirk is unconvinced but joins them in their trek through the jungle. When Four Leaf and pyrotechnics operator Cody Underwood try to locate the dead director, they are captured by Flaming Dragon. Four Leaf is revealed to have hands; he confesses to Underwood that he actually served in the Coast Guard, has never left the United States, and that he wrote his memoir as a tribute. As the actors continue through the jungle, Kirk and Kevin discover that Tugg is leading them in the wrong direction. The resulting argument results in Kirk leading the rest of the cast as an increasingly delirious Tugg is captured by Flaming Dragon. Taken to their base, Tugg believes it is a POW camp from the script. The gang discovers he is the star of their favorite film, the box office bomb Simple Jack, and force him to reenact it several times a day. Meanwhile, in Los Angeles, Tugg's agent Rick 'Pecker' Peck confronts Les over an unfulfilled term in Tugg's contract that entitles him to a TiVo. Flaming Dragon calls during the discussion and demands a ransom for Tugg, but Les instead delivers a profanity-laden death threat. Despite the threats, Les expresses no interest in rescuing Tugg and is instead happy at the insurance payout that would happen if Tugg dies. He attempts to convince Pecker to play along by promising a Gulfstream V jet and lots of money. Kirk, Alpa, Jeff, and Kevin discover Flaming Dragon's heroin factory. After witnessing Tugg being tortured, they plan a rescue attempt based on the film's script. Kirk impersonates a farmer towing a captured Jeff on the back of a water buffalo, distracting the armed guards so Alpa and Kevin can infiltrate and find the prisoners, but a combination of broken Chinese and inconsistencies in his story sets off the gang's boss. The actors, knowing their cover has been blown, begin firing, fooling gang members into surrender. Their control of the gang falls apart when Jeff grabs the leader and heads for the drugs, and the gang, realizing the guns fire blanks, recover their guns and fight back. The four actors locate Four Leaf, Cody, and Tugg and cross a bridge rigged to explode to get to Underwood's helicopter. Tugg initially remains behind, believing Flaming Dragon to be his family, but runs back screaming, chased by an angry horde. Four Leaf destroys the bridge, rescuing Tugg, but as the helicopter takes off, the gang boss fires a rocket-propelled grenade at the helicopter. Rick unexpectedly stumbles out of the jungle carrying a TiVo box and throws it in the path of the grenade, saving them. The crew return to Hollywood, where footage from the hidden cameras is compiled into a feature film, Tropic Blunder, which becomes a major critical and commercial success. The film wins Tugg his first Academy Award, which Kirk presents to him at the ceremony. During the end credits, Grossman dances alone to Ludacris' Get Back.
The Black Orchid	American	romance	Martin Ritt	Rose Bianco (Sophia Loren) a florist widowed by a famous gangster, looks for happiness with widower Frank Valente (Anthony Quinn). Rose is dealing with her son Ralph in a work farm for troubled boys, while for Frank, his grown up daughter Mary (Ina Balin) takes care of everything for him. Noble and Mary love each other and are engaged, but Mary refuses to marry him because she worries about who will take care of her father. She asks Noble to marry her and stay with her in her father’s house. At the same time, however, she refuses to accept Rose as her stepmother and allow her to join the family. Before Frank’s wedding day Mary irons Frank’s clothes, cooks all the food and locks herself in her room. This leads Rose and Frank to call everything off, devastating them both. When Rose’s son finds out, he disappointedly runs away from the work farm, leading the police to come and search for him in the house. The next day, Noble comes and sees Frank is sleeping in his chair and Mary has still confined herself in upstairs. He asks her to come out, but there is no answer. Noble decides he will drop Frank off at Rose’s house and will wait at the church for him. Frank finds out that Rose is waiting beside the telephone for news about Ralph and reveals how miserable he is, torn between her and his daughter. Frank leaves and joins Noble in the church and Rose heads for Frank’s house to confront Mary. Her son comes to the church, hoping to see his mother one last time before they send him to reform school. Frank and Noble bring him back to the farm and manage an agreement with the boarding manager, Mr. Harmon. On the other hand, thinking herself alone in the house, Mary unlocks the door and comes out of the room. There she meets Rose, who has decided to try to help Frank find happiness, even if it is not with her. Rose argues her point with Mary and makes her understand Rose's love for her father, and finally Mary accepts her, asking her to stay for coffee. Frank, Rose, Noble, and Mary have breakfast together. In the end, Rose and Frank take Ralph out of the work farm and the three happily walk toward the horizon.
The Incredible 2-Headed Transplant	American	sci-fi	Anthony Lanza	Dr. Roger Girard (Bruce Dern) is a rich scientist experimenting with head transplantation. His caretaker has a son, Danny (John Bloom), who is an extremely strong full-grown man, but he has the mind of a child due to brain damage sustained in a mine accident. In an unusual turn of events, Manuel Cass (Albert Cole), a recently escaped mental patient and serial killer, has murdered Dr. Girard's caretaker and is seriously injured himself. Given an unprecedented chance to use human subjects -- a mortally wounded psychotic and a disabled man with little chance of surviving on his own, neither of whom he thinks will be missed -- Dr. Girard transplants Cass's head onto Danny's body to prove that his techniques can be applied to human beings. The new creature, with one head of a murderer and the other with the mental capacity of an eight-year old attached to an extremely powerful body, escapes and wreaks havoc.[2]
Sector 7	South_Korean	action	Unknown	A small team of oil rig workers are searching for undiscovered oil at the oil rig Sector 7, off the coast of Jeju Island. After the tension builds from countless failures, the main character Hae-joon's uncle returns with the hope of searching the untapped wells of oil. What they don't realize is that he has a much different motive. Working together with a researcher on board the rig, he plans to breed a newly discovered life-form whose bodily fluids can burn for longer than 30 hours, as a new form of fuel instead of oil. But tragedy strikes as the specimen escapes with deaths of the researcher, the doctor, and another worker to follow. With the loss of the main power, the workers become stranded as the creature begins to hunt for its next meal. Armed with nothing but a few guns and the knowledge of the creature's minor susceptibility to flame, the remaining workers must work together to kill the beast before it hunts them down one by one, and escape the oil rig. But with its incredible speed (despite its size), its lightning fast, spear-like tongue, and its nearly impenetrable hide, they may not stand a chance.
Slick Hare	American	animation	Unknown	The cartoon opens with various shots of 1940s celebrities dining and drinking at the Mocrumbo club—including such personalities as Ray Milland (in a spoof of The Lost Weekend, he pays for his drink with an adding machine and receives miniature adding machines as change), Gregory Peck using a straight razor to cut his steak in reference to his character in Hitchcock's Spellbound[1] and Frank Sinatra (depicted exaggeratedly thin, so much so that he slips into his straw when trying to take a sip from his drink). Fudd is a waiter at the Mocrumbo and comes out to find that his next customer is Humphrey Bogart. Bogart tells Elmer that he wants fried rabbit, within 20 minutes—or else! (pulls out a tommy gun). This puts Elmer in a bind, as the restaurant is fwesh out of wabbit. However, during his frantic search for one, Elmer hears the familiar sound of Bugs munching on some carrots in a corner of the kitchen. Elmer lets Bugs know that Bogart wants to have him for dinner. Bugs immediately dresses in a tailcoat and wants to have a peek at what is cooking. Elmer quickly puts a mirror into a pot. Bugs, taking a look inside, soon realizes that he himself is the main course. Bugs eventually manages to escape the kitchen, dressing like Groucho Marx in an attempt to fool Elmer. Elmer then appears next to Bugs, dressed as Harpo Marx. Bugs tries to make a getaway, but is stopped by the large abdomen of Sydney Greenstreet. He runs into Carmen Miranda's dressing room and hides in her iconic fruit headdress. Carmen then performs a song and as she exits the stage, Elmer starts chasing Bugs. Elmer runs away from the audience leaving Bugs to dance to the orchestra's samba rhythms. Bugs then makes his way back to the kitchen, where he revels in the audience's appreciation of his performance (Ah, my public! How they love me! A-huh-huh! (the little laugh being a Jack Benny shtick). Fudd then runs towards Bugs, and Bugs immediately pretends to be a waiter ordering pies and twice splatters Elmer in the face. The third time (a comic triple), Elmer throws the pie at Bugs, but he ducks and it sails out into the seating area, hitting Bogart in the face. Bogart walks into the kitchen, grabs Elmer and asks him, Why did you hit me in the face wid a coconut custard pie wid whipped cream? Bogart then warns Elmer that he has just 5 minutes to come up with his fried rabbit. Elmer searches frantically, but cannot find one in time. Bogart returns, and sticks his hand in his jacket menacingly. Elmer thinks he's about to die, but Bogart only pulls out a handkerchief to dab his forehead as he says resignedly, Baby will just have to have a ham sandwich instead. Upon hearing Baby, Bugs jumps out of his hiding place and takes his place as the main course (Lauren Bacall being Baby), noting, Remember, garçon, the customer is always right! If it's rabbit Baby wants, rabbit Baby gets! before howling and wolf whistling at Bacall.
Off the Dole	British	comedy	Arthur Mertz	John Willie has his dole money denied him for moonlighting and not trying to find work. His uncle asks him to take over his detective agency.
South Central	American	drama	Stephen Milburn Anderson	Bobby Johnson is a young black gang member of Hoover Street Deuces, or simply Deuce. He gets paroled from the Youth Authority and he meets up with his best friend/fellow gang member Ray Ray, Loco and Bear. As it turns out, Bobby's girlfriend Carole gave birth to his son Jimmy while he was incarcerated. The Deuce gang goes out to a club owned by rival drug dealer Genie Lamp to celebrate Bobby's release, but Genie confronts them and threats are exchanged. As Bobby and Jimmy attempt to return home from the party, they are approached by Genie Lamp and his bodyguard. The two force Bobby to come to Genie's apartment and snort a line of what he thought was cocaine, but is actually heroin. Genie threatens Bobby and the Deuce gang while he is incapacitated. Bobby returns home the next morning to find that Genie has given some of the same heroin to Carole and flies into a fit of rage. Bobby informs Ray Ray and the Deuce gang makes plans to execute Genie Lamp. They grab Genie in an abandoned warehouse. Despite Genie's pleas for forgiveness, Bobby carries out the execution by firing a gun through a potato into Genie's heart, and the gang flees the area as they hear the police sirens approaching. Later that evening, Ray Ray gives Bobby his heart, a small tattoo below the left eyelid which is a symbol of full initiation into the Deuce gang and can only be earned by killing an enemy. Later, Bobby comes homes panicking over police looking for him and tells Carole to pack her things and they gotta move. Some time later, Bobby and Carole are in hiding from the police who are pursuing Genie's murderers. Bobby looks out the window and Ken Dog, another Deuce gang member, pulls up with Loco in a brand new convertible. Ken Dog and Loco solicit the services of a prostitute who turns out to be an undercover cop and arrests them. The guys are taken to jail and Bobby is questioned by a detective for the murder of Genie Lamp. Bobby refuses to cooperate despite overwhelming evidence against him and the police allow him to see his son one last time. Bobby gets a ten-year prison sentence for the murder he committed. Nearly ten years later, Jimmy is now with the Deuce gang, and meets with Ray Ray. Ray Ray informs Jimmy that he wants him to start stealing car stereos for him and Ray Ray will pay him for the stolen goods. Ray Ray then gives Jimmy some money and a marijuana joint. The next scene switches over to Bobby who is in prison lifting weights, and defending his gangster pal, Loco, from a white supremacist-Aryan gang he is indebted over cigarettes with. Because of his interference, the Aryan gang puts a price on Bobby's head, as he inherits Loco's debt. Over time, the film shows Jimmy stealing car stereos and selling them to Ray Ray for $20.00 a piece. While stealing one night, Jimmy is caught by Willie Manchester, the owner of the car, and is shot in the back. He is taken to a hospital where he fights for his life. When the news of this reaches Bobby in prison, he leaves the Deuce gang immediately. But not without revenge from the Aryan gang, due to his inherited debt. The Aryan gang eventually captures, assaults and attempts to rape Bobby, only to be interfered by a prison Muslim group, led by Ali. Ali agrees to pay Bobby's debt (with interest) to the Aryans, with Bobby joining Muslim group in exchange. After months of rehabilitation and mentoring, Ali encourages Bobby to get an education and to go straight when he gets out of prison in order to be a better father to his child (it is revealed during these conversations that Ali is serving a life sentence without parole for murder, and wishes Bobby not to follow in his footsteps). Ali and his associates even remove the Deuce heart from Bobby's face. Meanwhile, Jimmy recovers from his gunshot wounds, but is taken to a boys home for the crime he committed because the court has declared Carole an unfit mother. Bobby is released from prison and goes to the boys home to visit Jimmy. Jimmy is thrilled to meet him and the two begin to talk, but Jimmy is shocked that his father has denounced the Deuce gang and will not seek revenge against Willie Manchester for shooting him. Jimmy leaves the room in anger and insults Bobby for not being the proud Deuce gang leader that Jimmy thought his father would be. Sometime later, Bobby goes to visit Ray Ray. Ray Ray is initially happy to see Bobby saying the Deuce gang owes him ten years of their lives for the time he served in prison. However, Bobby is shocked to find Jimmy has run away from the boys home and Manchester has been taken hostage. Despite Manchester explaining his actions and begging for forgiveness, Ray Ray gives Jimmy a gun and instructs him to kill Manchester in revenge so he can get his heart just like his father did. Bobby tries to intervene but is subdued by Bear. Bobby eventually overpowers Bear, takes his gun, and steps in front of Manchester threatening to kill Ray Ray if this goes any further. He then tells Jimmy that committing a crime against a man can be rectified, but killing a man can't. He tells Ray Ray that the gang owes him ten years and can repay him by giving him back his son. Then he can give his son what the both of them (Bobby and Ray Ray) never had, a father. Bobby sees sad expressions on both Jimmy and Ray Ray's faces as everyone lowers their guns. Ray Ray realizes that he and Bobby both know what's best for Jimmy and lets the boy go, in addition to sparing Manchester. Bobby tells Jimmy that eventually the court will let him come home and they will start their lives anew. Touched by Bobby's love for Jimmy, Ray Ray looks on as the Johnsons leave the warehouse.
Birds Anonymous	American	animation	Unknown	The short opens with Sylvester once again attempting to catch and eat Tweety, this time succeeding and closing the blinds to hide the evidence. Before he can eat Tweety, however, he is interrupted by a crimson, erudite, milquetoast cat (named Clarence or Sam in some sources but unnamed in the short itself), who tells him that his constant cravings for Tweety are a sign of profound personal weakness, and that the only way for him to overcome this weakness is to kick the habit for good. Believing that he is in need of help, Sylvester proudly joins Birds Anonymous, a group of cats who have banded together to overcome their addictions to birds. Sylvester lives by this motto: Birds is strictly for the birds! However, Sylvester's resolve begins to break down after a short time, primarily due to constant temptation since he still lives in the same house as Tweety. The temptations begins to grow even more after he hears TV commercials featuring a stuffed turkey and bird-themed songs on the radio. Sylvester valiantly makes many attempts to control his baser urges, even physically chaining himself to an iron radiator at one point. After Tweety asks the cat: Don't you wike me anymore? Sylvester replies: I think... I think... I think you're... I think you're... DELICIOUS! and yanks the radiator out of the floor as he makes another grab for Tweety, only to be stopped by his cat friend again (with a plunger to his mouth) who expressed concern that Sylvester was weakening. Sylvester admits he did and thanks his friend for the intervention. Sylvester is tortured by insomnia that night, and eventually succumbs to his basic instincts to try to grab Tweety, but is stopped again when his cat friend pours alum in his mouth. Sylvester then attempts to literally drink Tweety through a straw but fails. Ashamed of his weakness, Sylvester collapses into sobs (I can't stand it! I gotta have a bird! I'm weak! I'm weak, but I don't care! I can't help it! After all, I am a pussycat!), but the cat friend consoles him, telling him severe withdrawal symptoms are all part of the process, and that if he stays with the Birds Anonymous program, he will eventually succeed and come to love birds, as he does. However, when the cat kisses Tweety to prove his point, years of his denial take their toll and the B.A. cat attempts to devour Tweety himself, this time with Sylvester restraining him and telling him to control himself. Tweety, escaping to a nearby counter, watches and sums up the whole affair with a shrug: Like I said before: Once a bad ol' puddy tat, always a bad ol' puddy tat!
The Missouri Breaks	American	western	Arthur Penn	Tom Logan is a rustler experiencing hard times. He and his gang are particularly upset by the hanging of a friend by Braxton, a land baron who takes the law into his own hands. Logan's men pull off a daring train robbery, only to lose much of the money. They decide to seek vengeance against Braxton by killing his foreman Pete Marker and by buying a small property close to Braxton's ranch, then rustling his stock. First the gang, without Logan, rides off across the Missouri River and north of the border to steal horses belonging to the North West Mounted Police. In their absence, Logan plants crops and enters into a relationship with Braxton's virginal daughter, Jane. Braxton is obsessed with both his rustling problem and his daughter. He sends for Robert E. Lee Clayton, an Irish-American notorious regulator who, for a price, will take care of rustlers personally. Clayton arrives with a fancy wardrobe, a perfumed scent, an Irish brogue and a Creedmoor rifle (a Model 1859 Sharps rifle) with which he is deadly accurate from a very long distance. Quickly suspicious of Logan, who doesn't strike him as a farmer, Clayton dons a variety of disguises and begins to pick off Logan's gang, one by one. Identifying himself as Jim Ferguson, he kills Logan's young friend Little Tod by dragging him with a rope through the raging Missouri. Clayton spies on Logan with binoculars and taunts Braxton about his daughter's affair with a horse thief. Braxton attempts to discharge him but Clayton is determined to finish what he started. He amuses himself by shooting two more of Logan's partners, Cary and Cy, from a distance and then by wearing a granny dress while brutally killing Logan's closest friend, Cal, with a handmade weapon. Logan knows it's kill or be killed. He also wants vengeance against Braxton for having hired the regulator in the first place, despite his feelings for Jane. One night after a campfire goes dark with Clayton serenading his horse, Logan slits his throat. He then comes after Braxton, who has lost his mind—perhaps having suffered a stroke—as well as losing his daughter. Braxton pulls a weapon on Logan, but is himself shot in the chest. Logan abandons his farm and packs up to leave. He acknowledges to Jane the possibility that they can renew their relationship another time, another place.
The Ghosts of Berkeley Square	British	comedy	Vernon Sewell	Two 18th century officers, General Burlap (Morley) and Colonel Kelsoe (Aylmer), are desperate to prevent war, so they hatch a plan to capture the Duke of Marlborough and hold him prisoner until the threat of hostilities passes. Unfortunately, while testing the efficacy of the contraption they have designed to entrap the duke, they manage to kill themselves. Their stupidity incurs the wrath of Queen Anne in the afterlife, and as punishment they are condemned to haunt the Berkeley Square house until such time as a British monarch crosses the threshold of the property. Things get off to a rocky start when the ghosts of Burlap and Kelsoe blame each other for the fiasco, quarrel, and refuse to speak to each other for 66 years. Once they have resolved their differences, they set about trying to engineer the required Royal Visit. Over the decades they interact with the succession of different occupants of the house, but never manage to lure a monarch to enter. As the years pass, the house becomes variously the home of a French-run bordello with drinking, gambling and fornication; an Indian rajah complete with harem; the home of the P. T. Barnum theatre: a Boer War soldiers' hospital and a World War I officers' club. Their time as earth-bound ghosts eventually comes to an end when Berkeley Square is bombed during an air raid and Queen Mary comes to visit the damaged properties, allowing the pair finally to take their place in the afterlife.
Golmaal Again	Bollywood	comedy	Rohit Shetty	The story starts with Anna Matthew (Tabu) explaining that she can see ghosts and spiritual spirits due to a special power given to her by the Gods and believes she has been chosen to help ghosts and fulfill their last wishes so that their spirits can achieve salvation. The story continues with Anna narrating one such incident of her life. The story revolves around Gopal (Ajay Devgn), Madhav (Arshad Warsi), Lucky (Tusshar Kapoor), Laxman 1 (Shreyas Talpade) and Laxman 2 (Kunal Khemu, who are orphans living in an orphanage located in the picturesque Ooty, managed by the kind businessman Jamnadas (Uday Tikekar). One night, Gopal, Madhav, Lucky and the two Laxmans find a baby girl at the gate of the orphanage. They name her Khushi and take care of her. The five boys also know Anna Matthew, who works in a library nearby. The boys are aware of Anna's power to see spirits from the other world. One day, Madhav pranks and scares the easily frightened Gopal in an empty bungalow, which leads to a fight between the two then young boys. Gopal gets punished and the five boys decide to leave the orphanage. Khushi is extremely upset with this as she is left behind. Khushi later gets adopted by a loving colonel and his wife. Years later, Gopal and Laxman 1 are estranged from Madhav, Laxman 2 and Lucky. The five, however, are once again reunited when the news of Jamnadas's death comes and they are invited to an event to be held to honour him. They return to the orphanage after 25 years, finding that nothing much has changed. The five enter the old bungalow where Madhav had scared Gopal. There, they meet the colonel; they are also reunited with Anna Matthew (Tabu), and Pappi (Johnny Lever), another orphan from the orphanage. They also meet with Damini (Parineeti Chopra) whom Anna introduces as the bunglow's caretaker. Anna reacts strangely when she sees the boys acknowledging Damini's presence. At the special event for Jamnadas, businessman Vasu Reddy (Prakash Raj) reveals that the orphanage's kids will be shifted somewhere else, while the orphanage in Ooty will be demolished. Soon, one by one, the boys get possessed by a ghost that talks in Nana Patekar's voice. This scares Gopal, so Anna suggests they stay in Colonel's house. Madhav, Laxman 2 and Lucky are also staying in the Colonel's house, as they are handed over the job of getting Gopal and Laxman1 out of the house by Vasooli (Mukesh Tiwari) and Vasu Reddy. The five of them fight daily, exasperating Anna. The boys finally make amends after Lucky gets possessed. They push Gopal, who has fallen for Damini, to express his love to her. Just then, Pappi tells that the girl who they thought was Damini is actually dead and the real Damini is alive and is Pappi's Girlfriend. Terrified, they try to flee but Anna stops them and reveals that the ghost is of none other than their own Khushi, their childhood friend. Khushi then tells her tale that how she had met a young businessman, Nikhil (Neil Nitin Mukesh), and fell in love with him. Their marriage was fixed. One night, however, she witnessed Nikhil killing Jamnadas as Jamnadas confronted Nikhil about the latter's conspiracy of obtaining the orphanage in his name on the pretext of benefitting the orphans, and instead, demolishing the orphanage and building a contruction site for his personal gain. Khushi then confronted Nikhil and threatens to go to the police and calls him a murderer. Nikhil then strangled Khushi to death. With Vasu Reddy's help, Nikhil proved Jamnadas' death and Khushi's death as accidents. Khushi came to Anna as a spirit, asking for help. Anna was surprised that the boys could see Khushi and took it as God's sign, which is why she brought the boys to the house to help her. The boys plan to scare Vasu into confessing the truth but their plan is ruined when Nikhil returns and mocks that they don't have any evidence to prosecute him for the alleged crime. This infuriates Khushi, who brutally attacks Nikhil and almost kills him. Anna calms her down and Vasu Reddy convinces Nikhil to confess. In the end, the orphanage is saved and Khushi's spirit, now content, departs happily to heaven after bidding goodbye to the boys. During the credits, the five dance with Khushi on a song.
Beneath Hill 60	Australian	drama	Jeremy Sims	As seen in flashbacks that occur throughout the film, Oliver Woodward is an Australian miner supplying copper for the war effort. He falls in love with Marjorie Waddell, a young woman ten years his junior. However, he is under constant pressure to enlist, especially from Waddell's father. He has the opportunity to do so when the British Army forms the 1st Australian Tunnelling Company to supplement the Royal Engineers; Woodward is commissioned to lead the unit. On the Western Front, Woodward meets Frank Tiffin, a young Australian soldier who is suffering from shell shock. Woodward reassigns Tom Dwyer and Norman Morris to relieve Tiffin. Two German tunnelers break through into the tunnel. Morris and Dwyer dispatch both of them, but Dwyer is killed when a German explosive goes off, bringing down the tunnel on top of them; Morris is rescued by the other sappers. Woodward is later tasked with destroying the Red House, a fortified German position raining enfilade fire down upon the frontmost section of the British trenches. Although Woodward initially proposed tunneling beneath the Red House, his commanding officer, Colonel Wilson Rutledge, insisted that it be done by dawn. Along with Corporal Bill Fraser and Morris, Woodward crosses No Man's Land. They manage to reach the Red House and plant explosives underneath it. However, as they make their way back to the British lines, they discover that the reel of cable is too short, so Morris runs ahead to retrieve the exploder. While they wait, they discover mortally wounded Lieutenant Robert Clayton, who had been ordered to cut a gap in the wire obstacle for them. Morris arrives with the exploder and they destroy the Red House. The next day, after a friendly game of rugby league against some British soldiers, Woodward is promoted to captain and he subsequently promotes Fraser to Sergeant, he later receives word that they are to be moved up the lines to the Ypres Salient. Upon their arrival, Tiffin, Walter Sneddon and Billy Bacon are separated from the rest of the battalion and pinned down by German machine gun fire. Bacon, being the fastest runner, volunteers to distract the Germans while the others make a run for the British lines. Although Tiffin and Walter succeed, Bacon is killed mere inches from safety. The unit continues on to Hill 60. During an inspection, it is revealed that the Canadian Engineers have been tunneling deep below the Messines Ridge for months, planting a million pounds of ammonium nitrate in the form of 21 massive mines. Woodward is tasked with maintaining the tunnels as the British military buildup begins; they hope to kill as many German troops as possible. To this end, he constructs an enormous shaft to keep the water table from inundating the explosives. He also digs multiple diversion tunnels to throw the Germans off. Jim Sneddon (Walter's Dad), is buried in one such tunnel when he is ordered into it by Colonel Rutledge, despite reporting that the Germans would likely be setting off the explosives soon. The Germans eventually catch on to their plan and dig toward the main tunnel. An attack tunnel is dug in response, and the Australians successfully destroy the exploratory shaft with minutes to spare. However, the charge that was used weakens the clay and a portion of the tunnel collapses, trapping Tiffin. His compatriots race to stall the detonation of the mines, but the schedule cannot be delayed on account of one man. Woodward detonates two of the mines fired at the start of the Battle of Messines. Woodward returns to Australia and the surviving members of the unit gather for his wedding with Marjorie.
The Bofors Gun	British	drama	Jack Gold	West Germany, 1954. Lance Bombardier Evans, a sheltered middle-class National Serviceman, is about to be sent back to England to undertake a second attempt at officer training. But first he has to get through one night of guard duty without incident. Evans is in charge of a section of six men detailed to guard an obsolete Bofors Gun at a British military base. It soon becomes clear that none of the section, with the exception of Flynn, have any respect for Evans, guessing rightly that the latter has no enthusiasm and little ability in his role. Gunner O'Rourke in particular is troublesome and insubordinate, his contempt for Evans spurring him to test the authority and patience of the weak-willed non-commissioned officer (NCO). Evan's fumbling attempts to engage him in friendly conversation only makes matters worse. The atmosphere grows more tense and O'Rourke strikes one of the other men, Rowe and then dares Evans to place him on a disciplinary charge but the NCO is too nervously intimidated to do so. O'Rourke and his sidekick Featherstone insist on being allowed to go to the NAAFI to buy cigarettes and Evans ill-advisedly lets them go. O'Rourke confides to Featherstone that at midnight it will be his 30th birthday and the two decide to go the canteen and start drinking, knowing full well it is forbidden whilst on guard duty. O'Rourke, having endured a grim childhood and the harsh, unjust punishments of the army for all his adult life, is at breaking point. Drunk and unstable, he tries to kill himself by jumping out of an upper story window but only suffers minor injuries. Evans refuses to report the incident but not out of any genuine concern for O'Rourke but rather out of fear that it impact on his chances of becoming an officer. Sgt Walker, a much stronger NCO, arrives on a visit only to find Evans has apparently lost control of his section. Walker, aware of Evans' lack of experience, is prepared to turn a blind eye to the mess provided Evans disciplines O'Rourke. Evans refuses, prompting Walker to warn him that when he returns, he will bring the duty officer with him and that Evans had better have his section back in order. An exasperated Flynn tries to convince Evans that he needs to exert some authority and that his attempts to win O'Rourke over by being lenient will not work. O'Rourke and Featherstone, drunk and disheveled, finally return. Ignoring Flynn's advice to report them, Evans is still convinced he can retrieve the situation himself and he puts O'Rourke on guard duty. Walker and Lieutenant Pickering arrive for the nightly inspection when Evans is checking on O'Rourke, still trying to talk him round. O'Rourke angrily accuses Evans of caring more about his own chances of becoming an officer than he does about the welfare of his own men. Evans admits that this is true, saying that becoming an officer represents his only chance of going home. O'Rourke threatens to attempt suicide again but Evans is too pre-occupied with his own problems to really hear him. Walker orders the section to assemble for inspection and Evans goes back to the guard hut only to be ordered to fetch O'Rourke. He goes back to the Bofors Gun only to discover that O'Rourke has stripped to the waist and fatally stabbed himself in the abdomen with a bayonet. Evans angrily kicks O'Rourke's corpse, knowing that his chances of going back to England are ruined. Walker and Lt Pickering arrive and Evans, now destined to spend the rest of his service in the ranks, has to face the full force of military punishment.
Need for Speed	American	action	Scott Waugh	Tobey Marshall is a former race car driver who owns his late father's garage, Marshall Performance Motors, in Mount Kisco, New York where he and his friends tune performance cars. Struggling to make ends meet, he and his crew participate in street races after hours. After a race, Tobey's former rival Dino Brewster conscripts them into completing the build of a rare Ford Shelby Mustang worked on by the late Carroll Shelby, in exchange for 25% of the car's estimated selling price of $3 million. The completed Mustang is displayed for auction at a party in New York City. Tobey and Dino meet Julia, an English car broker whose client, Bill Ingram, wants to purchase the car if they can prove it will drive over 230 mph as Tobey claims. Despite Dino's objections, Tobey takes the Mustang to a local race track and successfully drives it at 234 mph, convincing Ingram to purchase it for $2.7 million. Dino, enraged that Tobey disobeyed his order, challenges Tobey and his friend Pete to a race after Pete flatly tells Dino that everyone knows Tobey is a better driver than him. Dino offers to relinquish his entire share of the Mustang sale if Tobey wins, otherwise Tobey will have to forfeit his share. The three race on the interstate in three illegally imported Koenigsegg Agera R's. On the home stretch, Dino, realizing he will lose, intentionally bumps Pete's car, sending it down a ravine and killing Pete when it bursts into flames. Dino disappears from the scene, and Tobey serves two years in jail for involuntary manslaughter, unable to prove that Dino was there. Upon his release on parole, Tobey sets out to avenge Pete's death. He borrows Ingram's Mustang to enter the De Leon, a winner-takes-all supercar race organized by the mysterious Monarch. As a condition, Ingram requires Julia to accompany Tobey while Tobey is driving the Mustang. The pair have to reach San Francisco before the race starts in 45 hours. In Detroit, they cause an interstate chase with the Michigan State Police and upload the footage, leading Monarch to offer the invitation for the De Leon. Dino offers his rare Lamborghini Sesto Elemento to anyone who can stop Tobey from entering the race, causing a group of truckers to go after the Mustang as well. The truckers ambush Tobey and Julia in Utah, forcing them off the road. Maverick, a member of Tobey's crew, appears in a US Army helicopter stolen from the National Guard, and tows the Mustang mid-air to Tobey's crew at the Bonneville Salt Flats, getting himself arrested in the process. Tobey and Julia reach San Francisco's Mark Hopkins Hotel in time to register for the race, but on Nob Hill, a tow truck smashes the Mustang, injuring Julia and leaving Tobey without a car for the race. Desperate, Tobey meets Dino's fiancè Anita, his ex-girlfriend and Pete's sister. Having discovered Dino's involvement in Pete's death, Anita gives Tobey the location of Dino's Koenigsegg, which Toby and crew member Joe extract. Tobey meets Julia at a San Francisco hospital, and confesses his feelings for her with a kiss, letting her know that he has a fast car, and that this is for Pete. The next morning, Tobey surprises Dino by showing up in the Koenigsegg and giving him Anita's engagement ring, informing him that she is through with him. The race is gruelling, with racers and cops alike getting wrecked one by one, eventually leaving Dino and Tobey racing side-by-side along the Pacific Coast Highway. Dino attempts to ram Tobey off the road, but Tobey slams his brakes, causing Dino's car to crash. Near the finish line, Tobey turns around to pull Dino from the burning wreckage before winning the race (mirroring a vision Pete claimed he had before dying). Both are consequently arrested by the California Highway Patrol; the police prove the Koenigsegg belonged to Dino and use that evidence to incarcerate him for killing Pete. After serving 178 days in jail for illegal street racing, Tobey is released and Julia meets him at the prison gates in a 2015 Ford Mustang. The couple has five hours to reach a prison in Utah, where Maverick is getting released early for good behavior.
Critters	American	horror	Stephen Herek	On an asteroid prison, a group of dangerous aliens known as Crites are set to be transported to another station. The Crites engineer an escape and hijack a ship, prompting the warden to hire two shape-changing bounty hunters to pursue them to Earth. Studying life on Earth via various satellite television transmissions, the first bounty hunter assumes the form of rock star Johnny Steele, while the second remains undecided, thus retaining his blank, featureless head. On a rural Kansas farm, the Brown family sits down to breakfast. Father Jay and mother Helen send teenage daughter April and younger son Brad off to school while waiting on mechanic Charlie McFadden. A former baseball pitcher, Charlie has become the town drunk and crackpot, with claims of alien abductions foretold by messages through his fillings. Playing with selfmade (and overly potent) fireworks and Charlie's slingshot, Brad takes the blame when Charlie accidentally shoots April and is grounded as a result. On the roof that evening, Brad mistakes the Critters' crashing spaceship for a meteorite; Jay and Brad investigate and interrupt the creatures consuming a cow. The creatures thereafter kill and feed on a local police officer, and later besiege the farm and cut its electrical connection. While checking the circuit breaker, Jay is attacked by one of the Critters and, being severely wounded, just barely manages to escape. In the barn, April is about to have sex with her boyfriend Steve when he is slain by the one of the Critters; the creature itself is killed when it devours one of Brad's lit firecrackers. The remaining Critters sabotage the Browns' and Steve's cars, forcing the Browns to hole up inside the main house. Meanwhile, the two bounty hunters search the town for the Critters, causing a panic at the church and bowling alley, with the second hunter assuming the form of various townspeople, including Charlie. Brad escapes the farm to get help and runs into the bounty hunters, and upon learning of their true nature and intentions, he leads them to the Critters' location. The last surviving Critters kidnap April and return to their ship when the bounty hunters arrive, and attempt to flee. Charlie and Brad manage to rescue April, but Brad drops a large firecracker he intended to use to destroy the ship when the Critters discover their escape. Just as the Critters take off and destroy the farmhouse out of spite, Charlie throws a Molotov cocktail made from his whiskey bottle into the ship, causing a fire which detonates the cracker and kills the Critters. The bounty hunters leave in their ship after giving Brad a handheld device to contact them in case of future invasion, and also restore the house. At the end, Critter eggs can be seen in the barn inside a chicken's nest that seem to be ready to hatch.
Neighbors	American	comedy	Edward F. Cline, Buster Keaton	Buster Keaton and Virginia Fox play young lovers who live in tenements, the rear of which face each other, with backyards separated by a wooden fence and with their families constantly feuding over the lovers' relationship. Each morning Buster and Virginia exchange love letters through the holes in the fence much to the disdain of their families who insist they stay away from one another. Buster sneaks into Virginia's bedroom window as the parents are arguing but he is caught by Virginia's father who ties him to the washing lines and slowly sends him back over to his family's house. After much arguing and fighting the two families eventually go to court to settle their differences. Buster demands the right to marry Virginia, and the judge insists that the two families not interfere in their plans. On the day of the wedding the two families are naturally hostile to one another. After the wedding is delayed due to Buster's belt repeatedly breaking resulting in his pants continuously falling down, Virginia's father discovers that the ring Buster intends to give to Virginia is a cheap 10-cent ring purchased from Woolworths, he angrily calls off the wedding and drags Virginia home. Determined to rescue his love and with the help of his two groomsmen, Buster uses trapeze skills to snag Virginia and the two run off together, eventually finding themselves in the coal shed of a blacksmith who has been ordained as a minister who pronounces them husband and wife.